transcript
url
success
Optimizing LinkedIn Marketing Strategies ðŸš€
Hey Clara. So just running through my LinkedIn here, we've been trying to use my LinkedIn account for company marketing, essentially post regular content that will be valuable to our customers.
And if you go to post, you can see, um, there's videos, there's images, and I'm also, have carousels that I've done.
And this is actually a really good example of the branding that I'm looking to, uh, this was designed by a freelancer.
But you can see the colors and everything. And then, often, there's also an ending image at the top, at the end.
Uhm, I also sometimes post photos, uhm, that is showing more personal stories.
But, essentially, what I'm going to do is, I'm going to set up a, this, I've set up this page, this, uhm, task list here, and when I have an idea for a project, or I can go through my notes and try to gather them, I'll put it into the idea, section, and, uhm, we can use this to track, uhm, projects that
you're working on, and essentially put this into in progress, and then when it's ready for me to review, I can use it here, And that's it.
And once I approve it, I'll put it into ready, and then I'll schedule it, uhm, I might even, I might even get you access to the tool that I use for, uh, publishing this, uhm, and I'm not, uh, I'm thinking about putting all ideas in here, even the ones that may not need designs, that's using video, So
that it's centralized, uhm, and see, we'll see if this method works. And I created a couple of different fields here.
One is we can use it to assign it to each other. Um, the date is, I guess, um, when it was added.
and then this one, I actually have a, a attachment here that I added, and this is, uh, a, a little mini brief.
And when you work on a design, you can share it as the URL here. This supports attach, uh, comments and notifications.
Um, so we can toggle back and forth easily. And, um, yeah, thank you for that. I'm, I'm totally, um, open to anything that will work.
You know, we don't have to, uh, use this manually. So, if feel free to, um, uh, make suggestions and I can use a workflow that works better for you.
And then, uh, once we establish a process, we can think about how we want to, um, um, expand to other team members.
So, for example, Katie. Is, uhm, also someone that is actively pro, uh, posting online for the sake of building up her brand.
And when we build up our brand, we're also going to be, hopefully, attracting other individuals, uhm, that will want to buy the system.
So, but, we can focus on people. Myself, and then, establish the brand and the process, and then see how we can help others, uhm, I will also get you an, access to our Canva account, so that you can use that, uhm, the other tool that I use is called, uhm, called, And.
Uh, Super Grow, so, uhm, I will, uhm, I'll get you in, uhm, into our password management tool and then give you access to this.
Uh, this allows us to schedule posts and get this out. Uhm, Sylvana used to help me with this, but these days, uh, we've shifted her focus to sales and management.
So, we're, we want to use this for different designing and or publishing. Um, this might be something that is helpful.
One of the things I really like about this is their AI tool. Um, so I can take any video or article and then have it draft.
A post for me, uh, which I can take care of and then I can put that as drafts in here and then it would, um, be something that, yeah, actually this, this actually might work better.
Think about it. We can put this in here. I can put drafts in here and then essentially you can look at it.
I didn't say what image do we want to put in here, uh, add, and then we can use to schedule and it automatically publishes to LinkedIn.
Um, and if this works well, um, we can add other team members in here and have one central place to manage this.
Um, all right. again, I'm trying to squeeze in, uh, this in between my other, other work. Uh, so what I really am hoping to do is get you oriented to all of the, uh, things that I'm, I'm hoping to publish and then, um, give you the creative freedom to create designs and later on you can even.
Go ahead and publish it and on, on a schedule that you think it's good. Cause, uh, I know that I get pulled in several different directions and sometimes this falls apart and the company gets a lot of value from me posting because I'm connected to a lot of medical education leaders.
https://www.loom.com/share/e3adcf74e48748998b9e4f22039029fe
success
Using LinkedIn for Company Marketing ðŸ“ˆ
Hey Clara. So just running through, uh, my LinkedIn here. We've been trying to use my LinkedIn account for company marketing.
Essentially, post regular content that will be valuable to our customers. Uhm, if you go to post, you can see, uhm, there's videos, there's images, and I'm also, have carousels that I've done, and this is actually a really good example of the branding that I'm looking to, uh, this was designed by a freelancer
, but you can see the colors and everything, and then often there's also an ending image at the top, at the end, uhm, I also sometimes post photos, uhm, that is showing more personal stories, but essentially what I'm going to do is, I'm going to set up a, this, I've set up this page, this, uhm, task
list here, and when I have an idea for a project or I can go through my notes and try to gather them, I'll put it into the idea section and, uhm, we can use this to track, uhm, projects that you're working on and essentially put this into in progress and then when it's ready for me to review, I can use
it here and then once I approve it, I'll put it into ready and then I'll schedule it. I might even, I might even get you access to the tool that I use for, uh, publishing this, uhm, and I'm not, uh, I'm thinking about putting all ideas in here, even the ones that may not need designs that's using video
so that it's centralized, uhm, and we'll see if this method works. And I created a couple of different fields here, one is we can use it to assign it to each other, uhm, the date is, I guess, uhm, when it was added, uhm, and then this one I actually have a, a attachment here that I added, uhm, and this
is, uh, a, a little mini brief, and when you work on a design you can share it as the URL here, this supports attach, uh, comments and notifications, uhm, so we can toggle back and forth easily.
And, uhm, yeah, thank you for listening. But, I'm, I'm totally, uhm, open to anything that will work, you know, we don't have to, uh, use this method.
Feel free to, uhm, uh, make suggestions and I can use a workflow that works, uh, better for you. And then, yeah.
And, uh, once we establish a process, we can think about how we want to, uhm, uhm, expand to other team members.
So for example, Katie is, uhm, also someone that is actively posting online for the sake of building. And when we build up our brand, we're also going to be, hopefully, attracting other individuals, uhm, that will want to buy the system.
So, but, we can focus on myself, and then establish the brand and the process, and then see how we can help others.
Uhm, I will also get you, access to our Canva account, so that you can use that. Uhm, the other tool that I use is called, uhm, called, uh, SuperGrow.
I will, uhm, I'll get you into our password management tool, and then give you access to this, uh, this allows us to schedule posts, and get this out, uhm, so, Silvana used to help me with this, and, but, these days, uh, we've, so, shifted her focus to sales and management, so, we're, if, if we want
to use this for designing, and, or, publishing, uhm, this might be something that is helpful, one of the things I really like about this is their AI tool, uhm, so, I can take any video, Or article, and then, have it draft, a, post for me, uh, which, I can take care of, and then, I can put that, as drafts
in here, and then, it would, uhm, be something that, yeah, actually, this, this actually might work better, think about it, we can put this in here, I can put drafts in here, and then, essentially, you can look at it and say, what image do we want it to, uh, put in, uh, add, and then, we can use this
schedule, and it automatically publishes to LinkedIn. Uhm, and if this works well, uhm, we can add other team members in here, and have one central place to manage this.
Uhm, alright, uh, again, I'm trying to squeeze in, uh, this in between my other, other work, uh, so what I really am hoping to do is get you oriented to all of the, uh, things that I'm, I'm hoping to publish, and then, uhm, give you, uh, give you the creative freedom to create designs, and later on,
you can even go ahead and publish it and on, on a schedule that you think it's good, cause, uh, I know that I get pulled in several direc- different directions, and sometimes this falls apart, and the company gets a lot of value from me posting, because I'm connected to a lot of medical education and
leaders.
https://www.loom.com/share/7f4bae1e40cf4cce8285d8646731395e
success
Site Rotator Report Overview ðŸ”„
Hi Mitch, wanted to go over this site rotator report and see if this will help address the problem. Right now, this is not available on the site administrator page, but we can and add permissions to grant that access if this Report will help, uh, address the problem.
So one of the things that you can do on this report is select one or more sites. So what we could do is give site level access to different administrators and then automatically have these selected, so when you scroll down, it's going to show all the students that are scheduled to come there.
So if I change the date range, it'll show you all students that are scheduled there. This also includes an Excel export that has contact information for the student and all the details that they need to, uh, uh, be aware of, like the, the, uh, site administrators.
Uhm, there is also a way to filter by individual students if you need to. So that may give them a cleaner way to look at this data.
Another thing that we can consider is a report that's currently not activated. And that is this page, which you can access, uhm, this is a, I'm not sure if you actually can access it, uhm, it is something that we built for our, uhm, residency programs, and it has a way to pull in all schedules from the
system and then be able to search for it. The reason that we haven't released it for the student side is because it's meant to look at all schedules, and also access, uh, be access, uh, accessible without logging into the system.
But if the view works, we can potentially add more permissions here and make it, uhm, available to the students. Uhm, the, main thing that we can do here is, you know, really dive, let's say if I want to search for Thrive, it will show me all the schedules like it does from the Site Rotator report, but
in a calendar view or timeline view. And I can dig into it if I want to put to a specific rotation.
And see all the assignments there. So those are a couple of views that may help. I looked at the mock-up that you shared also, and that's something that, uhm, we can also explore, uhm, but giving access to an existing page would be easier for, uh, for us to get this out there, uhm, and, uh, one more
thing that I would want to discuss further is, right now in your mock-up, you showed having a corporate partner as the parent, and then subgroups for each of the practices.
I believe when we set this up, I'll show on the Sites page, we have, uhm, the parent or the Thrive or whatever the corporate partner name is.
It's simply added as a name of the, uhm, site as a prefix. We're not, we don't have any database. Record that we can use to group create those subgroups.
If we need to do that, we may want to explore. There's an employer field. I think we briefly talked about it when we initially implemented metrics as a potential.
Solution. Uhm, but currently that employer field is not used on the schedules page. Anyway, I wanted to. I wanted to send this over to you to look at 1st and then we can hop on a call and maybe run through the.
The different options.
https://www.loom.com/share/cd10a1acfeab4a6f955bdceaa54b76d1
success
System Updates and Enhancements ðŸ’»
Hey, Mike. So, running through these, ah, quickly. This one, nothing to do. This one, nothing to do. This one also is done.
So here, we were gonna, add a create event button, so you can just take a look at this to make sure that you're good with how it shows up.
This one has nothing, nothing here. I'm going to put this actually, Back to candidate for now.
Oh yeah, so this deactivation one, what we want to do is, when we deactivate a user, we show the modal with a bunch of things that they can do.
At the bottom of the comment field we also want to show this as a deactivation reason and a comment field.
So that is optional. The comment is optional. The reason would be, um, we can make it, um, we can actually add a setting in the institutional portal to make this required or not.
So if it's required, then each person will be required to put this in. We can actually add a setting in portal to make this required or not So if it's required, then each person will be required activate the user, or they want to cancel.
This one, nothing. So, for this task, we want to simply update the specs to make sure that it's clear. That this functionality already works, if the program type equals GME, you want to make sure that it's worked for UME.
Uhm, so for this, this functionality, add a way to bring up a modal when you approve or reject, so that they can add a comment.
A comment will be optional, and then, uhm, if a comment is added, we want to show that on the student portal, I mean on the user's portal when they are reviewing it.
So I think the first thing to do is just kind of look at, submit a request and approve or reject it, to see how it currently works.
I'm not sure if we currently have a comment field. Uhm, and then, we want to be, if you, if you, if you, you want to have an edit function, so they can fix any changes, any, any mistakes that they want to, uhm, or you can reject it.
And then if you do approve or reject it, you want to have an undo button so that you can put it back into the pending status, uhm, to correct any mistakes.
Uh, nothing for here. So, for this one, we want to do that on the company portal, like we have here, but also on the personal, I mean, on the institutional portal, under system setup permissions, they have a roles page, and we want to have a little disable email notifications checkbox.
So, even if you're creating this roles on the company portal, or doing it on the institutional portal, we have a way to disable the checkbox.
And then if it's, if that checkbox is turned on, then all email notifications will be disabled. This one I'm going to take care of.
So, for this design on the block schedule audit report, uh, what we want to do is make sure we use a little checkbox, oh, I think it's already on.
Checkboxes. So, you have it, uh, already using checkboxes. We also want to apply that to the action column so that if you want to select multiple actions and search, it'll, it'll show that on the bottom.
Uhm, so, on the edit demographics page, when you are â€¦ selecting, uh, uh, adding a user, we can have a check for duplicates button.
It'll bring up this modal, where â€¦ you will see any of the search results for the first or last name that matches.
And if they want to affiliate that person, they can go ahead and do that right there, or they can close and create, create the user.
And this is for the â€¦ showing the sys section number and class number. I want to show it at the bottom in one line.
Uh, but it only shows up if they have the data. If they don't have it, then it doesn't show up.
And we want to show this on the admin portal. As well as the personal portal, uhm, if it exists.
https://www.loom.com/share/b2528a4982994a93a9ba1ecc0e0d773c
success
Exploring New Tools and Techniques ðŸš€
Record this as I'm playing around with this, uhm, uhm, playing around with the cursor and trying something new. Not sure what'll happen, figured I'd record it and talk through it.
And if something good happens, I'll share it. I have a new merge request that I pulled. Uhm, and I wanted to analyze some of the pages that we had redone recently and see if I can create a list of standard bootstrap tags.
and CSS. So Rio had sent me this list here, so I'm going to take a this and then for this exercise, I'm going to use the normal mode and not the agent because I'm researching and the other thing is, uh, when you're using the normal mode and not the agent, you can use different models and for something
like this where it needs to figure stuff out. The OpenAI 01 model is probably going to be better because it's better at reasoning as opposed to when you're writing code, uhm, the Claude 3.5 SONNET is what's recommended.
And that works with the agent. I believe we're at four.
Oh, and I, asked it to ask me clarifying questions at the end. I'm just going to find, if I can find the, uh, new UI kit.
myself, myself, Actually, let's do this.
Uhm. Let it find out using what's in the system.
So I'm putting in, uhm, work in sprints to analyze it because this will likely be a big project.
So if it tries to do all of it at once, the result is not going to be as good. All the pages .
. . . . Alright, so, provided, uhm, so I had given a list of the pages, but I forgot to want to make sure it doesn't get lost, so I gave it some of the later page, one of the, some of the newer pages as examples.
So I just want to save this as cursor rules.
Let's go back to our other model. Now I want to try something on the performance page, which is, does not, is not very standardized.
I want to see what we can do sssss like Uuuuuh. , It's two o'clock.
Uh, uhm, uhm, uh, uhm, uhm, uhm, uhm, Put your towel .
. . . eh, hmm, hmm, hm, hm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, szzzzzzzzzzzzzz McNN Noise I feel like now.
Oh, yeah? Who is this guy? Yeah, I got that lunch.
All over my mouth. I got my lunch. All over my mouth. What did you clean it? Alright, you're getting angry ninja.
Uh, where are you guys reading angry ninja? Uhh, where Oh, wait. Girl, let's spread things out again, huh? I'll read it. Alright, let me see. I was like, hey, I'm like, do you want to give this box though?
Gonna, uh, maybe. Not the box, it's the bottom though. Umm, I'll read that. Are you hiding them?
Who are you hiding from after us? It's 2.30. Are you hiding them from Dad? Let's mark the ultimate pressure start to ease it.
What? That's the best. Why are you trying to eat it? That seems silly. This is the first time that my- Can you Can you try?
I think he went for one to cut him.
https://www.loom.com/share/ae0f1606f56247d9bcf3dc8880683beb
success
Data Migration and Task Prioritization Update
Uhm, so let's see. Initial, update initial data migration, oh that's a curse, that's a curse to ask. Initial data migration to change roles, created by default.
So this is more of a housekeeping. Task, uhm, to make sure that the correct roles are being, ah, created, uhm.
I'm going to just, ah, put this back for now, only because, I think we need a bucket for tasks that are already written up, but not, yeah, but we're holding for some, because we don't have the capacity, let's see, maybe, how about we just Yeah, so this is basically for onboarding.
Make sure certain things are getting set up correctly automatically. I'm going to put low for anything that we're doing, uhm, until we know that anything that's coming from the client's, So this is remake the email, okay, oh, okay.
an email, and, uh, we're just adding in a section, I believe, that, uhm, notifies the, I don't know, maybe this is a whole other email that we're, Yeah, I'm going to to refresh my memory.
Yeah, see how I put that section? I think they wanted evaluation details. Yeah. So we're just adding a section to the email, I believe.
It's coming from, So what I'm doing here is, uh, uhm, going over dev tasks, trying to plan for the sprint, uhm, so I think it's good for you to also know how I'm thinking through these.
Yeah. So, uhm, in the future, you need to help prioritize with the team. So Mike and I usually are the ones that are going over this, but this comes from a whole bunch of people and I'm usually the person that's deciding whether or not something should get done.
And I'll kind of talk out loud what I'm thinking. Um, so for this one, for, for example, I'm looking at, yeah.
Oh, I thought you were, okay. And you got a three now, okay. Alright, whatever. Alright. So, I mean, this isn't like burning desire, I'm sure.
This is nothing nobody's waiting on. Yeah, so, essentially I'm on the design board on JIRA. So, design board has three, three columns.
Um, candidate is where we're putting anything that we're, that's, uh, in the near future. But I'm trying to cut this down because we have too many accumulated in there.
So this is like the design specific part, so this isn't like where all the shit is going to go. Yeah, pre-Augustan, this is where basically it's my, it's me deciding, um, what should be done then, but it also has other stuff that Mike has worked on with Maria or, uh, Chris, but ultimately.
it falls on my lap to make, kind of prioritize, yeah. Did you get the pork?
I told him to get you the pork, but. I don't know, it's good. Smoked pork is really good.
https://www.loom.com/share/9d421c381f274373a48812f9efa41c0d
success
Understanding Medtrics for Clinical Practice ðŸ“Š
Hi Elena, so for this ah question, these set of questions that you had, um, where you're asking about this clinical module, I'm assuming that you're referring to this clinical practice section here.
If you are, this is not referring to a specific module of metrics. This section on our homepage is referring to different segments that we serve, um, undergraduate medical education being medical schools, and then graduate medical education being residency, and then um all these other type of programs
, and then eventually clinical practice, which is meant to capture the needs of a practicing physician or nurse. So this is uh yeah, exactly as you have described here.
Uhm, so this area is really not a our primary focus right now, but the platform has always been built in a way that it can be used both for the trainees as well as our practicing physicians.
And you can set up metrics with different set of roles, different set of permissions, and it can be used for a practicing physician.
We have one institution that recently purchased it for managing the credentials of the practicing physicians that are also involved with the residency program.
And the primary focus here is actually is for the entire management of that individual. So, for example, if we go into Metrics, they can use our requirements module to onboard a faculty members to collect various paperwork when they first hire them.
This includes certifications. Medical licenses, CVs, this can be collected in a streamlined manner and be stored in Metrics with expiration dates with alerts for when those documents are expiring.
And when they need these paperwork, we can also pull it up, uhm, they can pull it up pretty quickly. We also have the ability to generate employment contracts, so if the hospital has a standardized contract, they can put that into the system and it'll generate it.
We're also planning on expanding that to send that document out for signature if they need to. Uhm, so, uhm, in terms of vision for this product, uhm, for customer retention, we're looking for lifetime, forever, uhm, you know, our platform is sold as an annual recurring contract and and when we onboard
a physician, uhm, actually let me, let me, uh, be specific here, when I'm talking about metrics as an enterprise solution, that's our approach.
These practicing physicians, uhm, that will be using metrics are using it within the context of their organization. We currently don't have a mechanism for them to have their own data outside of metrics.
Uhm, we had, uh, ideas in the past for creating like a personal version of metrics that allows them to take that data with them, but it's not something that we have worked on.
Each of our clients are purchasing the, each of our organizations are purchasing the platform and then their physicians will be using it when they are employed at that organization.
And we only sell this as recurring revenue as a SaaS model, so they pay based on the number of learners they have.
And faculty licenses are typically free if it's in, if the faculty is using the system in the context of a residency program or a medical school.
But if they're going to be using it for managing faculty paperwork, then they would pay less. per user license. So the, yeah, the current value is for this particular budget, this is not this, we don't have too many, I think we have one or maybe two that is using it for clinical, um, workflow.
And it's really because we haven't really focused on that, um, in terms of marketing and trying to sell for that market because it's more of a developing need, because in the past there wasn't really any need for a software for faculty and institutions weren't willing to pay for it.
Um, but the accreditation requirements of the residency program and medical schools makes it required to have something. But we're starting to see more competency-based faculty management too, and I think that's also where metrics can offer value.
And then if they're already using you for residency, it's an easy add to sell to them, um, the faculty module.
But, yeah, so we do all of this work for performance evaluations, um, easily doable using our evaluations module, like we do for residency.
We can do tracking, reporting, um, we can also do um, using a curriculum module, we can have a training content.
One of the things that we currently don't do is, um, self-enrolling courses, it's something that we've, it's on the roadmap, but we haven't done that.
Quality and accreditation compliance, so we have a built-in module called projects that allows them to build quality improvement and research projects in directly in metrics.
Care and, um, care outcomes tracking and reporting. This is a bit of a stretch for us, you know, we currently don't, um, this is outside the scope of what we would want to do, like we don't want to get into the realm of clinical patient data, metrics always always, uh, wants to stay focused on providing
technology for the health professional, um, we don't want to get into the area of HIPAA and patient data, um, um, that, that really should be a separate, separate tool, but where it may overlap is let's say a physician wants to do a research or a quality improvement project to improve patient safety,
they may use our product to track that project and then document it as part of a scholarly activity. Um, pricing model is pretty simple.
Um, but it is bought by the institution. So, if an institution wants to purchase our platform based on the number of users they have, um, we would come up with a proposal and it's a bit of a complex sales model.
process with discussion on how many users, what modules they need, and then, um, we would come up with a annual subscription rate based on that.
https://www.loom.com/share/7bb10332a6e44c34bda5347b349bcd67
success
Exploring GPT Engineer and Superbase Integration
And that's been really successful, since then I've now running about four to five projects in GPT Engineer concurrently. Um, and as mentioned before, working with my co-founders to actually make products that we're launching as a start-up and a bit separate to doing B2B more B2C.
Needless to say, being very locked in with GPT Engineer, and it's enabled me to work with some really great cool clients really quickly.
We're now working with Dewipes, um, from the States to help them build their products. And I think this meme, like, generally helps give me, give you guys the idea of the feeling most clients have when I show them GPT Engineer.
They're amazed at the speed that you can build things with, and they're also very quick and happy to hand over the budget.
Um, to build, to build out stuff, they immediately see the value, uh, uh, of using it. And I, I think it's just worth mentioning that this tool really is kind of a game changer because every dev that I've shown it to, they're able to build stuff in days now when it would have taken them a month.
And they always say that, they're always like, wow, that was so quick. This would have taken me, like, you know, a lot longer than, than I thought it would be.
Anyway, I'm going to jump into some quick demos, um, just of some stuff that we've built over the last couple, couple of months now that I think are a great kind of demo of what, what's achievable in, um, GPT Engineer.
So, first of all, it's really easy now for us to be able to build tools to organize our own work.
Um, and I can build stuff that's very specific to what my company's doing, you know, uh, the meetings we have, the projects and tasks we have, even building out our own kind of dashboards for reporting.
So, we can very easily see what we're working on and what, what needs to be, uh, achieved. generating data reports, and then enabling my team to also leave stand-ups really easily as well.
Internal tools are just one part of it, but also building stuff for clients. Uh, in this demo, I'm going to build our, uh, workspaces for a compliance company that we're working with in Texas.
They weren't satisfied with the tools they were using to communicate with their clients, so we built them these custom workspaces that allow them to organize their tasks with their clients, files, uh, etc.
We're using Cicabase, which is really, really easy and, uh, and useful process to go through. Obviously, the benefits of using custom code when you're building this stuff for your clients is you can build them cool stuff like admin dashboards, so they can come in and edit this data really, really easily
. A lot of people might say, well, GPT engineer isn't that good at design. Uh, one of the, uh, experiments that I worked on quite, uh, early at the beginning was how can we build sort of like these really nicely designed landing pages or websites that would be able to go on, uh, websites like awards?
I think that, uh, just by feeding and good prompting, you can get GPT engineers to build out a lot of cool, uh, features that can make your front-end experience, uh, easier.
quite exciting. Uh, simple hover effects, text, uh, having a bendy line when you hover over it. Uh, sort of nice, um, carousels to hover effects to, to just about anything.
Um, and I think with the right prompting and the right descriptions and telling exactly what you want, you can very easily get, uh, quite a high, uh, level of production, uh, value and quality.
Finally, um, not just trying to sell my time, but trying to win back some time as well. Um, and we've been able to successfully start doing that by building our own products as well.
Uh, this is Renamify. We built this with about four weeks from GPC. And what it does is it allows you to upload a file of, um, a folder of empty, of photos, uh, that you've taken on your camera, for example, and AI will scan the content, rename them, and then you can download that content again.
Uh, you also have the ability to store that, um, store that stuff on, on the backend. I'm And needless to say, adding Stripe, uh, user profiles, and just about everything else, uh, was a really simple, uh, process with GPT Engineer.
So, you know, everything from authorization to adding Stripe to stuff, uh, everything else, uh, with GPT Engineer really is a, you know, a two-minute process.
Rather than, uh, a ten-minute. I think that is it in regards to, uhm, demos and everything else. I'm happy to answer any questions or, or move on based on what you guys have got for your presentation.
Super exciting. Thanks a lot for sharing, Harry. And maybe, like, one, one question already, and we'll, like, get into more in the Q&A in the end, but, like, how has, like, I mean, if you think about, like, the capabilities of GPT Engineer, like, a few months ago, and, like, the evolution and all the
super-based integration, like, how has that changed, like, what you can do and are doing with the tool? Uhm, yeah, that'd be super, super curious to hear.
Yeah, I, I think, like, the, the main thing is, like, the level of entry to build these solutions. Uhm, beforehand, there was a lot of fiddling, a lot of, like, twiddling your thumbs, trying to Google how the hell do you connect this, how the hell do you connect that.
Now, with the super-based integration, if, uhm, you haven't seen it already, it's a button, connect your account, and, and you're off.
Being able to have the front-end builder now understand your databases, understand your tables, uh, it makes the process a lot, lot easier.
Uh, in, you know, seven months ago, the app was pretty unusable commercially. I think that now, uh, if you're not using it commercially, you might, you might fall behind.
Like, do the AI cogeneration things are here, and I think a lot of people are, like, adamant that they're, they're not real.
https://www.loom.com/share/07a1d72dea4b4561922afa17a4665d79
success
Overview of the Faculty Dashboard and Medtrics Functionalities
In this video, we'll take a quick look at the faculty dashboard and what are some of the functionalities that Metrix offers.
Right on the home screen, you can see any upcoming events. You can use these date fields to switch between, ah, any date or ranges that you need to see events for.
Right in the middle, any evaluations that was recently assigned that you still have to complete. And at the bottom, there are announcements.
These announcements may be sent to you via the dashboard or via email. On the calendar page, we have the ability to see the full academic calendar.
You can also sync this with our external devices such as Apple, Google, or Microsoft. When we go to the Evaluations page, there's going to be a few tabs that you are going to have at the top.
The first is the For Me tab. This will display all of the evaluations that you have to complete for students.
And, on this page, you can, uhm, click View, see who you're evaluating. It's either clinical or, uh, rotation or clinical.
And then, fill out all the details and submit at the bottom. You can also use the Save Draft button to save the draft if you want to come back to it later.
The About Me tab will show you all of the different, uh, evaluations that were, uh, done on you by other individuals in the platform.
So this is where you can see your feedback, uh, from students or other faculty members. If your school or, uhm, hospital is using a, uhm, review tool, then if you need to review some of the evaluations or documents that were sent to you by, uhm, as part of their coursework or rotations, you can see that
in the review. Otherwise, you'll mainly be using the For Me and About Me tab. One thing I also want to point out here is, at the top, there's also a Submit As Unable To Assess.
If for some reason you cannot complete this form because you did not interact with the student, you can click this button to submit.
the form. One more thing I want to point out on this page is, ah, the Schedules, ah, page. If there are, uhm, different schedules that are published to you.
That, this is where you'll see them, uhm, this could be included student schedules or if you are working in different, ah, rotations and covering, uhm, ah, different clinical experiences, you may have these schedules, ah, up here on the Schedules page.
Otherwise, you'll otherwise, the main page that you're going to be going to is the Calendar and the Evaluations page.
https://www.loom.com/share/9e4719c7f9a747f38b66c62e4f57ed3d
success
Understanding Metrics for Clinical Practice ðŸ“Š
Wanted to take a few minutes to go over this ah, these set of questions before our meeting. Uhm, figured it would be easier for me to explain some of this in a video and then we can dig into it in more detail during our call.
Specific specifically, uhm, I'm assuming that you're referring to this clinical practice ah, uhm, item here. This, these items here are not necessarily modules.
These are different ways that, uh, different market segments essentially that we, that we serve or are planning on serving. And it's essentially a different way to use the system.
Metrix was built in a way that it has functionality that can be, um, used for, for, uh, different types of, um, it can be custom configured to work for different academic programs or different types of, um, um, specialties.
So, this clinical practice is really referring to using metrics to manage the, uh, the, uh, professional requirements of a practicing physician.
or nurse. Um, most of this is going to be using the same modules that we have that is being used for the residency, but it's going to be used by the faculty.
So, let me explain what I mean by that.
https://www.loom.com/share/b011338b45d141ac9e1832d68f509fd7
success
Optimizing the Clinical Schedule Process
Alright, so in this, uh, update, we're gonna be making a few changes to our lottery page, uhm, so the lottery is on the left menu under schedules, so let's start with main changes, schedule.
So first thing, left menu, The left menu, we're going to, uhm, rename Lottery to Optimizer.
And on this page, uhm, we'll have new optimization button. We won't be doing the global. This is manage global constraints in this task.
So you can ignore that. And here we'll have name status, data table with name status. Details, role, important dates, action.
And action will have a drop down with different options. So, when I click new optimization, it'll bring up this window.
Uhm, and, uh, this window, I'm gonna go through it using this UI. Uhm, the other one is not fully updated yet.
Here, I can choose an academic period and then it'll let me select one of the existing block schedules. So, remember that Metrix has block schedules under the schedules page on the clinical side.
It's clinical schedules page and it lets, lets you select one and then continue. When you press continue, you can give a name for the optimization, capacity collection date, capacity collection close date, preference collection open date, preference collection close date, the optimization date.
optimization run date, uhm, see it. So the capacity collection date is going to be the date that we're going to allow, uhm, different, different site coordinators to enter the site capacities.
preferences is going to be the students enter the preferences, uhm, and then select, how do you want to define your, uh, capacity, only by site, only, uhm, only by block or both by site and block, and we'll talk about that a little later.
Then we have a role selector for selecting one or more roles, graded course rotations that you can select and search and you can add these, and the count that we're seeing here is the number of rotations that are linked to this graded course rotation.
So if we go look in metrics for each rotation, we have a mapping to the graded rotation, and that's what we're showing.
And I click Create, and once it's created, I can click Edit Status to change the statuses. Um, this is not showing all of the columns we want to, uh, Stick with this design that we have here.
Um. And then. ehm, ehm, ehm. The statuses that.
That's it. What we're going to have is, uhm, uhm, configuration. That's going to be when they do the setup. And then there's going to be capacity collections, preference collection, optimization, and, And, uh, review schedule.
It's going to be review schedule stage. And the final, um, uh, status is going to be, um, schedule finalized. So, they can use this button to update the status.
When they click the Manage Capacity one, it's going to take them to a page where they can enter, um, the capacity.
And it's going to look like this. So we'll have, Graded course rotation showing up. And it's going to show whether it's a required course or, uh, or elective.
And then you can click to expand this accordion. We'll skip this Manage Course Constrain section here. And then underneath that graded course rotation, it's going to list out every site that has a relationship to this graded course rotation.
And the way that it, It works is each graded course rotation here is linked to a rotation, and that rotation is linked to a site.
That's how we get this data on this page. Um, and then you can, uh, we can ignore the hub for now, and then there's a capacity field.
Um, and then we have students currently scheduled, um, here, which is supposed to show. Any students, um, I mean, let's see, we'll skip the student schedule for now, and we'll add that later.
Um, so, when you click on the greater course rotations, it'll expand and show you all of the sites. When you click on a site.
It'll expand and show each rotation, and then it'll show all the blocks from that block schedule we selected. So, if we go to clinical schedules, a clinical schedule.
We'll have blocks on it, and when we created that optimization, we had chosen this schedule that we want to optimize for, and it's simply pulling up these blocks that we have on there.
And then, umm, rotation, internal medicine. So these are all the rotations that are mapped to this site. This site is mapped to this graded course rotation, and these are all the blocks that are on the block schedule that we chose.
The optimization. Here, I can enable or disable each block, and if it's enabled, I can set a max and a min.
I can also come up here and set the maximum capacity for each. Umm, site. So remember, when we created this, umm.
Up. out. I had- I can choose whether I want to define it by site, by block, or by site and block.
So in this screenshot, what we're doing is, I'm hiding or showing the ability to set capacity based on that selection.
https://www.loom.com/share/3ebfeb8b2c224df9bd530fb31f296d05
success
Decision Making Process Discussion
Is that, uhm, in terms of, uhm, eh, the, uhm, the team's decision to not move forward with the Switch, is that, how much, well, if it was due to pricing?
I think we did play a part of it, not, uhm, I mean, we did the set pricing, but Yeah, I mean, but, yeah, I mean, it did come up, and it did cause us a whole lot That wasn't, like, the focus, per se, uhm, I don't think that was, I mean, it was a factor, I mean, everybody, you have to consider prices,
but I don't think it was a huge, huge thing. Uhm, because what you offer, I mean, you get what you pay for a lot of times, so we, we do see the value that you, you know, offer, so, but I wouldn't say that was, like, a killer or anything like that.
Okay. In, in terms of, uhm, if there, uhm, is there any, uhm, anything, like, in terms of, uhm, because I remember us, uh, spending, uh, quite a bit of time on the, the clinical, or the reporting side of things and how it was, it's not, it wasn't only the, uh, the time, it was not getting the quality
of the data, uh, from, you know, uhm, because, and I'm, and I'm mainly asking, you know, for my own sake of, uh, you know, understanding in the future for other conversations that we may have or even with other institutions of if there's a way that we could, uhm, uhm, communicate the value better to
the team to, uh, because I, in, in, in, redistribution of the work is important, obviously, so that work gets done.
It's better but I feel like, yeah, with the technolo-, with the better technology, that is also, that's going to go so much further if you are going to be building new processes.
Right, and then, and also, you know, when we communicate with 145, obviously, I mean, obviously it creates a, yeah, so then they, you know, they counter, right, and then they, well, let's do this.
Here's what we have to offer. Let's, perhaps, uh, revisiting, uh, the processes or look at maybe the future that you're not using, or how can we improve it, and how that we're with acuity, we have a bigger team.
So they also have to have, uh, a response, you know. Okay, got it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That was another factor where the kids kind of create this urgency on their part to say, hey, well, we want to keep you.
So what, what can we do? Where are we lacking? Okay. And then they. . . And then the conversation becomes okay, well, this is why we're looking out for this is what has happened.
Um, and now, of course, you may anticipate, they want to revisit these things and . . . No, that's, that's very helpful. It's, I mean, I, and I actually think that, that is the right approach, because .
. At the end of the day, uh, we want to have a long-term relationship with organizations, and the, the, uh, the organization should be ready to switch.
You know, you don't want one or two individuals to make a decision and move and then everybody else is . And they go, why didn't we do this before?
And then, then, then it becomes a struggle to implement new processes. So, uh, I, I think it is good to, um, have that conversation because I, I actually thought that may have happened already when we started discussing it because you mentioned that they, they were, um, you guys were talking about looking
at the analytics and. And they had, you had to pay for a software software system. Um, do you look at the, so I thought maybe this, this internal discussion with the, the existing vendor has happened and the, that option has been exhausted.
Um, so since it hasn't happened, I think it's a good thing to, um, have and see if there is, um, something that can be done.
And then maybe we can have another conversation in six months and saying, is this something that you have got the help that you need and are you happy?
If not, do we want to have another meeting? Yeah. Yeah. No, when they presented us with the analytics piece and then just the, and I will say for that piece that they had to offer, that was very.
I think how much it was, but it'll leave you on the bus. Like, no, you know what we like, what it does?
Well, some people liked it, some people did not, but the majority did. Um, but for the price, it was like, uhh, we're not gonna, we're not gonna do that.
I see. And I think that was the emphasis on some stuff. You know what, because they gave us this, we was equipped.
with. Yeah. Yeah. And then during the course the process and looking at other vendors and then, and then talking to 145 and then.
And then they're like, hey, well, let's, let's wait and let's just talk about this. Yeah, yeah. And then, and then out of the team, yeah, we wanted to make sure that everybody was comfortable with the move and that we had, um, buy in from everybody.
Um, but we were not a hundred percent, not everybody was 100 percent, but there's that with the others. Yeah. y'all.
You know, so it was just an ongoing conversation. And in the end, it was, if I did, you know, on this, with POD.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, for me, that's, this is helpful feedback because that is not something that I typically ask, uh, organizations when we have these kind of meetings about whether.
by the whether you had talked to your current vendor and explored what options you have because I think that's, that's, that should be part of that procurement process because you don't want to go through all the planning and then have that conversation and then then have the team members say, hey, let's
revisit at that time. So it's a, it's a good thing that you're doing it for us. It's something from, uh, I've learned something that I can do in the future with other institutions.
https://www.loom.com/share/0f0e73abdb2a48b0bbffd10262f4b867
success
Enhancing the Lottery Page Features ðŸŽ‰
On this page, uhm, when I'm on the create site fields, when I create a site field, I want to add one more checkbox that says include include, uh, field in optimization export, similar checkbox, include field in optimization export, and then what we're gonna do is, on the lottery page, we're going to
be adding a download data button, and this is is going to show four different things that you can download, each with a separate CSV.
First one is gonna be sites, and umm, it's going to show site code, which in the back of the site ID, site name.
And any columns that have check box enabled for including data with the optimization data. So any custom fields that have that's enabled, it'll be included.
Download CSV, it'll show that. For subjects, this is, uhm, going to show a list of all of the rotations that is- So you'll see it with the optimization.
So, if I go to the Lottery page and- Go to Lottery. click edit, we have a bunch of sites that are included here.
Any site that's included will have rotations linked to it. And that's what we are exporting here with the rotation code.
It's basically to make that decision. Rotation name. Uhm. Actually, uh, in the final version we'll just call this rotation to make it clear.
And then site code. And, slots. 7 So slots are going to be coming from.
I know it's been bad. Here, you have slots getting added with start date and end date. And uh. So I'm going to see if I can think of this support as well.
And, Um, we currently don't have, um. I'm going to show you Thank you, bye.
We currently don't have, uh, block i, uh, block names, so we can just show this as, uh, start date and end date.
Um. Um. I do know how you Actually, what we'll do is, um, when we create- but So yeah, that's what's basically part of your- ideas help, like, those ugly, like, back with Asian gats, but- but it is good to get, you know, a very special fight on your face, you know, it's in all the- because I've heard
you when you were with me And as you take notes, uhm, uhm, uhm, uhm, uhm, uhm, uhm, uhm, uhm, uhm, uhm, uhm.
Let's go back Okay.
https://www.loom.com/share/a4cbe859f16c45a38e38d60d1226034d
success
Sales Meeting Insights and Training Strategy
I accidentally closed that last one, but if I go to this sheet you can see I have one for questions, question asked by response, answered by title, meeting, a link to the meeting, and then second one is going to be for insight.
Same concept here, so if I look at this example, analyze the sales meeting and compile a list of questions that were asked where each question provided a concise answer, name of the person, and then I paste into the transcript in there, and what it did was it pulled out each question, who asked it, who
answered it, and then a concise answer. So if we do that for a lot of the sales calls from last year, we'll have a lot of insight into things that people are asking.
Okay. All right. And the second thing that I want to do is pull out insights that we can use for training, and for that I used this prompt where it said use the transcript to generate insights that can.
Create, that can be used to create a challenge, used by a challenger salesperson in future meetings, provide examples how to use it and prepare about a call for each insight.
So it did that, but then I was more more specific asked it to give it a topic, a challenger stage topic.
So this way, it's always going to give me responses in a specific format. So the first prompt at the top is for questions, the second is for generating these insights.
And what I like him to do for the insights is basically put this into a separate column. Challenge your statement.
So that this is something that he will run through every single major sales meeting that we had and we're going to keep doing this going forward also.
Some suggestions for you to set this up for him. Instead of giving him the prompts, it'd be good for you to try this out yourself and then generate two GPIOs.
GPTs for him. Or you can do one GPT. And so like for example, let me do it in the web browser.
So, if I make a GPT, I can do something like this. account at a SaaS business. You will be given transcripts, sales conversations, or sales demos.
When provided with a transcript, ask which of the following. You should do, one, track, answers to, insights, and then, if, is selected, do the following, analyze the entire transcript.
All questions that were asked for each question. For each question. And. So that would be the first one. And then essentially do the same thing for the second one.
And you can try this. Try this out, make sure that it works, and then we can get him started. And what I'm hoping that we can do is use this to train different team members on key things to focus on during the sales process.
So this document is already in the sales drive, I'm going to send both of them to you.
https://www.loom.com/share/5bab83f300c347a2bf557529c277ec19
success
Creating a Compelling Document for Healthcare Professionals
This, ah, page, ah, that tells a story, and it's going to, it's going to be one of the first pages that a customer sees when they open up this document, by the second page, is going to tell the story about metrics.
And at the top, we want to highlight our mission, which is to create an engaged healthcare workforce to save our lives, and the, ah, what we want to do is showcase this, and then, also, underneath that, have a little blurb that says, every person in healthcare, I mean, every person needs to end up in
a hospital or in a doctor's office at some point. What we want to do is ensure that the doctors, nurses, and, professionals that are working in that hospital is maximizing their time for patient care and not spending their time learning software or, uh, or struggling with, with, uh, uhm, uh, technology
. So, that's going to be where this arrow is going to be pointing at a little blurb, and then, underneath that, we want to showcase our team photos because we want to come off as a people-oriented company.
Uhm, and then, below that, we want to also highlight our expertise as a company and, and showcase that we have individuals on the company that are, uh, have multiple years of experience, uhm, practicing in healthcare or working in healthcare, uh, uh, administration.
And then, next sec, two sections is about our past and then our future. This section is going to showcase a timeline.
We don't want to do it this, this, the same way because we don't, we're not going to, it's not going to be interactive.
We want to show how, uhm, we've been around since 2013, uh, have a few milestones and, uhm, and then leading up to today.
And then this will give, this leads to our future. What is our three year goals, five year goals, 10 year goals, 20 year goals.
And what we're trying to do is paint a picture of a company that has been around for a while. You know, we have a track record of being in the market for 13 years.
We're not a startup. And we also have a long term vision for the company, uh, of what we want to accomplish.
So if a medical school dean or someone is looking at it, I want them to take away our mission. The fact that we're a people-centric company, they're going to have a lot of individuals that they're going to be able to connect with and get value from when they choose to work with us.
And the fact that, uh, we have a strong past and a, a long-term vision for the company. And at the bottom, we're going to show that we're made in Philadelphia because initially we're going to be sending this to Philadelphia-based, uh, medical schools.
https://www.loom.com/share/6c543f08d7344d5cad458b0058bafb5b
success
Extracting Sales Call Insights for Lei
Hey Shruti Wanted to send you this video so that you can work on a project for Lei Given that he doesn't have any knowledge base articles to write.
I want him to spend some time helping us with extracting useful information from our sales calls in the past so the First thing I'm going to do is I'm going to add you to attention and when you create your account Don't use a Google sign-in simply create a password for now, and then once you log in You'll
have access to all of the old calls And then you can we can also share your password temporarily with Lei So that he can access it and then once he's done with this project You can change the password For what so when he when he's in here The actually Um, I might be able to I'll do that myself I said
i'll send you the password that you can use instead of us adding another account for now and once he's in here what I like him to do is Uh, we have 800 calls from the past Year in here And I like him to go into here and search for anything with the word consultation or demo Uhm, actually the best thing
is uhm hide external calls and then scroll Uhm, scroll through it Cause there are things like uh You know what?
I think it's gonna be more difficult for him to do that If he simply scrolls If he for anything with consultation or demo That will give him most of the demo and meetings that we had And once he has one of those calls, what I'd like him to do is Let's say if I open this up There's going to be A little
icon that he can use to copy the transcript And I want him to extract the transcript and run it through ChatGPT To to pull out questions and answers And Essentially
https://www.loom.com/share/a04409520a7f47f188b84c91abb2abc8
success
Current Task Management Process Overview ðŸ“Š
Hey, Elson. So, going through, uhm, the current setup that we have, when you create a new issue, we have three different types of tasks that we can create.
There's feature, there's bug, and then there is, uhm, a task. If you go to feature, it has a standard template for the summary, uhm, the story points.
We also have a list of clients that we can choose, so which client requested the feature. Uhm, list of modules, and then we also have a template that we use, and then if I do feature, I mean a bug, similar.
which is a different template, but just like a similar approach. Essentially, we want the URL where the bug is happening, a loom video explaining what needs to be done, and acceptance criteria.
Uhm, and then we also have certain, you know, things like, uhm, story points is required, and then we also, and then in the planning session, uhm, let me see, oh, the planning, we can skip for now.
Skip this. Skip this for now. And then on the board, we have set it up as three different boards.
Um, the design board, we have all of the, uhm, backlog items. So this new is all the new things that have been added.
Uhm, then we have design candidate. These are the things that we picked out for us to work on over the next, uh, short term.
Uhm, in progress is for what we're actually in the process of designing. Then we have design review for the UI.
We have team to review and, and, uh, finalize design. Then once designs are ready, it goes in design ready. And then, uh, these are tasks that are ready for the upcoming sprint.
For the actual development team board, we have to do, in progress, needs changes, review, ready, and done. If something is put into review, it actually has several sub, uh, CAS statuses.
We have QA1. First, manual test, QA2, second, manual test, code review, and then ready. If something is, there's a bug, we move it back into needs changes, and then it goes through, uhm, the second round of, uhm, when you put it back into needs changes, it shows up back on the development board for the
developers to work on. So that's really our current process, uhm, uhm, it would be ideal if we can, uhm, set up linear so that maybe we have the engineer monitoring, and then we also have QA, and then we have, uh, design teams, and, uhm, tasks move back and forth depending on who is, uh, which status
is it. And then we also want to have that standardized list of, uh, clients and standardized list of modules, which I can get to you.
It would also be, uhm, well, yeah, I think that's, that's good, good for us to start.
https://www.loom.com/share/d3d421695f794e959547faebabdc7259
success
Understanding User Functionality in Metrix Platform
In this video, I'll describe the user's functionality in our Metrix platform. So, first thing is, um. We have four different types of users, and we categorize them as user types.
And these four user types. Are faculty, staff, resident slash fellow, and student.
And each of these types have a separate portal that they have. And these are personal portals that allow them to do certain tasks, whether submitting evaluations, submitting case logs, viewing their schedules, and so on.
If you have a. The faculty logging in, they'll be directed at the faculty portal. Their student logging in, they'll be directed at the student portal.
These user types, um, are fixed, and they cannot be, uhm, added again. You can't add any more user types, so you can't remove these.
You can't park order it into the system. Within each of these user types, you can create various roles, and these roles can be customized by each.
Client. So, for example, if you are a medical school, you may have students that are MS-1, MS-2, MS-3, MS-4. If you're a residency program, you may have residents that are PGY-1, PGY-2, PGY-3, and so on.
So, the roles, uhh, are customized to each client's needs, the user types are fixed and tied to portals. When you create a user, you can give them A affiliation with a, uh, one or more departments.
These, in metrics, we call them programs. These, uh, departments, the, the user typically will have, uhh, a primary department of affiliation, and that's their primary affiliation, and then they have, they can have additional secondary affiliations with other departments.
So the idea here is, let's say I'm a surgeon, and, uh, I'm gonna be affiliated with my- my surgery department, but I may also work with the emergency room, and I can have a secondary affiliation with the emergency room- emergency room department.
Then, uh, users also have a profile photo, uh, different and fields for capturing various information such as first name, last name, first name, middle name, last name, title, uh, previous name, email, secondary email, CC email, office phone number, personal phone number, work phone number, pager.
Umm, identification number, social security number, or SIN number. And then they would also have a home institution field, which is a drop-down.
And they list out all of the different sites that are in the platform. It's-it tells, uh, determines which, uh, hospital or, uh, university they are enrolled in, or if- employed by.
They would also have an activation date. That would be the date that they are able to use the platform and email notifications are working from that day onwards.
There's a class of year or this would be the expected graduation year. Birthday field. Uhm, for a place ethnicity with a list of ethnicities, gender dropdown field, marital status dropdown field, address one or address two with cities.
State, zip, country, and then a second address with address field one, address field two, city, zip, state, country. A, additional in for, uhh, uhh, long text field, the languages field, emergency contact info section, with ability to capture first name, last, uh, name, phone number, uhh, email, and
relationship for two emergency contacts, and then. Within the users field, you can also create custom fields, so, essentially, they can go in there and create, uhh, .
. Short text fields, or long text, or just, just say, text fields, uhh, multiple choice, or checklist. And when you create those fields, you can determine whether it's editable by the end user, or is only an admin fee.
And if it's a, uh, when you create a field, you can also say which user types it's available to. Another thing, uh, uh, for these earlier, we talked about affiliations, primary.
Secondary affiliations, uh, when a person has a, is, um, a user can have a status of whether they're active or inactive in the system.
And in addition to that, they also have an active or, inactive status for affiliations. If a user's affiliations are all inactive, then their user status is also becomes inactive.
If an affiliation, if at least one affiliation is active, then they're also becoming, active. Uh, users are also invited into the platform.
So, we track whether a user has been invited and not invited, and it's the last time they logged in. Uh, we also wanna store where the user elast- was in the platform, so they log back and again, they're taking to that same page.
For users, uh, we also- that.
https://www.loom.com/share/61e5b1b5eef243cba0f1005dc13b4e87
success
Improving Requirement Management with Tags
Hey Mike. So what she's talking about is on the institutional portal and the admin portal, if you go to requirements and go to templates, when you create a requirement, it's going to show up on this active and inactive list.
Problem is, if places like Garnet that have has, like, 30 different items for onboarding. And then let's say they have another 30 items for, um, offboarding, then everything shows up in this one long list and it gets very confusing.
So I, um, had a similar, uh, similar challenge that I was trying to solve where they may have residents that are starting, which has one set of onboarding and they may have medical students with another set of onboarding items.
Some items may overlap. Um, so what I was thinking is, we can solve this using a tags feature. So, When we create a, um, um, a task here, we can also have a way to tag it and it'll show tags in a separate column and let's say we want to assign all of the ones, um, all of these assignments to a specific
individual or a group of individual, we can have a way to say assign requirements and on that page we have a way to select a tag.
Um, and all requirements that are tagged with that will be assigned in one batch. Um, so that they can have as many tags as they want, and then it's a way to group or categorize these items into their use cases.
So they may have one for onboarding, one for off boarding. Um, one for residents, one for students, and some of the students, one will overlap with the residents.
Um, and it kind of had the same approach with user groups. Remember we added a way to tag. Umm, groups, group tag.
This let them, um, use these groups in different ways. And we added a way to manage tags at the top.
So the same, same idea. Here. I think that will help solve the problem for them. And then even on the status page.
We could add a filter for a tag and it automatically selects all the requirements that meet that criteria. And then on the assignment.
And page. Same thing. A drop down. Do select the tag. One or more tags.
https://www.loom.com/share/9e92cb30d2d349c695da8e232ff54636
success
AI-Generated Evaluation Forms for Medical Residency Programs
Okay, so what I'll show you is, uhm, uhm, is the ability to create these custom GPTs. So, if I go in here, when I, when I'm logged in, I click this button, my GPTs, it'll show you the GPTs that I've created.
And then one of the GPTs in here is going to be the ACGME Milestone Evaluation Generator. And this one I've I wrote this for one of the webinars, but the idea behind this is I can upload, I go to ACGME's website and I go to my milestones, and milestones by specialty, I can download any one of these PDFs
and let's say cardiovascular disease. And on the milestones page, it gives you the milestones for cardiovascular. This is showing you patient care.
This is the first sub-competency of patient care and the different levels. This, this GPT is, is built in a way that I could download this and upload this PDF, and then I can use this PDF to generate PROM, I mean generate a PROM evaluations.
So, the way that, if I, I'll show you what the actual code looks like, or the PROM looks like, so it says, pretend to be an experienced residency program director.
You'll be provided with PDFs containing ACGME milestones and asked to create evaluation forms. So the task is to first extract the subcompetent competencies, draft the evaluation questions, create clinically relevant questions as concise, unless otherwise specified, draft 10 Likert scales, and then include
one comment question at the bottom, map those questions that you write into those subcompetencies. So it's supposed to do all of this.
So, for. For, um, Monterey, they have, so if I go to the Monterey, um, let's see, I go to the drive folder, client onboarding.
Mm. On boarding projects, University of Monterey, and then, um, client upload folder evaluations. This will give us all of their different, uh, specialties.
Okay. And then, what we want to do is create- We create evaluation forms for each of these, because they want to start from scratch with new evaluation forms.
And instead of waiting for them to write it, we're gonna use AI to write it, and then have them just review it.
Yeah. So the way to approach this is, let's say I'm working with cardiovascular. of your vascular. Disease. And I'm gonna just go into the ACGME's website and just download the ones that we need.
Yeah. Cardiovascular. I'm gonna do emergency medicine. Save that. Pediatrics. And then pediatrics subspecialty because anytime.
time. You have, uh, Pete's ICU or something. It's a subspecialty of pediatrics. Um. So, um, Let's save it.
Then we have internal medicine and OB-GYN. So, internal medicine. And, uh, stretch tricks. And gynecology. So, what I think that something, this is something you can work on over the next couple of days.
Um, it, and, and something like this, um, I'm also like this. So, we had a non-boarding peeling. Now- And we have tasks for the on-source onboarding meetings.
And, um, what we can do is, um, have Katie add these to the current sprint. Okay. So this way, it's, uh, um, it's not, it was not determined last week during when we sprint started.
Yeah. But we're gonna have to add it for this week. Um, so the way that I would approach this, again, this is completely new methodology.
So we'll have to, if you have any problems, we'll have to troubleshoot. Yeah. And, hey, how you doing? Yeah. Can you in touch?
Yeah, I can do that. Thank you. Just need some more time. Oh, okay. Just tell me your last name. Chariot.
Let's see. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. So, so let's say I was, I'm gonna work on the internal medicine one.
Okay. What I would do is come in here and, Download internal medicine milestones, and then attach it.
So, attach. Internal medicine. And then what I can do is, uhm, I will be, I will need to create evaluations for internal medicine residency.
Program to evaluate, uhm, different residents of all academic levels in different clinical.
settings, on their competencies. These will be completed by faculty members at the end of a rotation, Uh, create a list of evaluation forms.
Would be. Cover. over. Years of training. So, this GPT was built to dump out one f- form. But what I'm trying to do now is, uh, I was gonna give them one form on the call.
That's what I told them, but they were saying how they need to have different forms for different settings. So if they're doing an inpatient rotation, they may want to do a different forms in an ICU rotation, then an emergency retis medicine rotation.
So I want to see if the AI can 2. 3. Come up with the different types of forms that we need.
Okay. And then if it gives me those forms, then I can say, create the first one, create the second one, create the third one.
https://www.loom.com/share/bf00ee167bab40eb957c47eb01367785
success
Design Workflow Overview
We'll have a quick review of the design board and how to use the different columns. Anytime we have a new feature task being created it's going to end up with the status of new.
This is going to be the, essentially serve as an inbox of anything that is created during the week. And then we're going to review what's in new and assign an impact level or refine the impact level and effort score which is captured in this, in these story points.
Then it's going to either move forward into design candidate if we're going to be working on it in the near future, in the next three months if it's a project that we want to release in the next three months, it'll go into design candidate.
If it's something that is lacking context, so for example, every, uh, new feature that's added to the new column should have a loom video.
If it doesn't have a loom video, it goes to needs context so that the person that added the issue can watch and provide more information.
If it's something that has enough context and we decide that it's not going to be a priority for the next three months, then it'll go into the backlog.
So every issue, uh, from here, we have the capacity to transit, transition to the backlog and it falls off the board.
we're going to review the backlog and pick out things that we want to work on and put it into candidate.
So once an issue is in candidate, this is something that the designers, uh, mainly Mike is going to start working on the design using the loom video and he'll put it into in progress once he starts.
Once it's in progress, it's going to be, uh, not be discussed in the meetings, um, until it gets to the design review phase.
The design review is going to happen during the UX meeting on a weekly basis where we go through each of the items in here and make a decision on whether it's approved or not.
For specs and ready to be, uh, added to the upcoming sprint, or if it's something that goes back to in progress for it to be, uh, tweaked up.
And each UX meeting will involve reviewing this, uh, design review. That's the agenda. And then, um, secondary last, uh, agenda item for the UX meeting would be to provide feedback on any items that are in new to make sure if the, uh, the team has, uh, trouble, uh, assigning a priority to this during
the regular weekly review. But the main item that we'll be focusing on is going to be this column, which is a design review during the UX meeting.
Then during the sprint planning meeting, the agenda will be the upcoming sprint and going through and picking out items for the next sprint.
https://www.loom.com/share/7a8c3348ef1a4b759ab5dcba59b552a2
success
Design Workflow Updates for Lottery Page ðŸŽ¨
Hey, Mike. So, I had a, uh, I had a look at the, uh, design that you had sent me through GBC Engineer, and I, uhm, the, some of the, uh, workflows, I understood, some of it I wasn't really clear on, uhm, so I wanted to start with a wireframe to explain the, uhm, uhm, what I was thinking, and then then
you may be able to incorporate what you worked on into this, or vice versa. So, starting with the lottery page itself, we, don't, uhm, want to redesign all of it, because then it's just going to take a lot longer, uhm.
So, I, I took a screenshot from there and added some notes here on this video. For example, for statuses, we can use a bootstrap label, uhm, use green bootstrap label for closes with date and time.
Uhm, I want to completely get rid of the faces functionality. From the front end and the back end, because I find it very annoying and useless.
Uhm, instead, keep it simple. So, and also, instead of lottery, we call it, we'll call it optimization and then say it new optimization.
And it brings up a model, just like the ones that we have right now, but instead of, uhm, uhm, what we, the thing we're gonna give it a name, and I have two open date and end dates here.
This first capacity Any collection open date and end date is the same. It's going to be for them to collect the capacities for each of these sites from different hospitals.
And then there's a preference collection open date and end date. This is the existing functionality where we, uhm, have the, you know, Rio called it open date and end date.
I was being more specific because that's what they're doing is letting the students enter the preferences. And instead of the run date, call it optimization date.
Uh, select roles to include. It's going to be the drop down where they can select the roles. Uhm, here we also have, instead of them having to manually create these blocks, they will have a drop down where they can select one of the block schedules in the system.
And then, down here, it'll say, how will capacity be determined? It's going to be sites, blocks, or both sites and blocks.
So, right now, in the existing lottery, we let them define it by blocks. So, you can say, start date, end date, and then you can say how many students are allowed.
allowed to be in there. Uhm, but, for some of our clients, they define the capacities on the site level. So, it says, NYU can have 50 students.
And then, down here, we could, uh, we're going to keep the same site selection functionality that we already have. Then, that will, they'll click save, and they will create it, and they'll show all the details on this table.
And then, instead of the phases, we're going to have three, uhm, buttons here, uhm, manage capacity, update pre-fills, and collect preferences.
So, manage capacity will bring up this page. Which is the lottery blocks page, and here, uhm, what I have here is site A, B, C, D, and then you can click to expand it.
And it will show the list of rotations that are going to be at that site. And, uhm, site administrators, which, whatever, it's coming from the site's record.
And then you can see block. So, these blocks are coming from the block schedule that you selected. Remember, in the block schedule, in the current functionality.
You can create blocks. So, when you're clearing a new optimization or a new lottery. It's allowing you to select one of those block schedules.
And then, this allows us to have these blocks already displayed on the page. When they get here, and here, I could click on, if, let's say I chose sites as the capacity is being determined, then I would only see, min and max being defined on the site level.
If I chose blocks, then I would not see min and max for the site, I would only see the min and the max for the blocks.
And then, if I chose both, then I'll see what I'm seeing here, which is min and max for each of these.
And I also have a batch update, but, but here, so if I choose a bunch of these and say batch update, I can put in the min and max and it'll set it for the whole, all of them.
And then the pre-fill page, we want to use the existing functionality that Rio has built. It works, uhm, the only changes that we want to make here is when I am putting, I can click on edit.
I can people into the blocks and then I can see who I have added, so it's going to say five people added and it's, the cell is red because I am over capacity.
This is showing the min and the max, I'm over capacity. This is, uhm, I am under capacity, so I guess yellow, and then I'm, if I'm within the capacity, then it's green.
So this is existing functionality, the only thing that we're changing. is the color coding and showing the names right on the page.
Right now Rio only shows five students, but it doesn't actually show the name, last names of the people. And the other thing that, uhm, I was trying, I didn't finish this, was viewing the preference.
So on the student side, we don't really have to change anything, the existing preferences, page really works, uh, works well.
But on the admin side, we don't have a way to view the preferences that was entered by the administrator, sorry, by the students.
https://www.loom.com/share/17119d8ae48443e5b96cde5f266c19fd
success
Course Page Updates ðŸ“
Hi everyone, I'm going to go over this new course page, made some updates to it. The first thing I want to cover is the layout.
So you can find the course, courses, uhm, board under growth ops, and there's a backlog section, then there's this column.
For milestones, essentially, any course that we're working on will have one task in here. That's for the parent milestone, and then there's going to be subtasks.
And as those subtasks are ready, it'll be moved to to-do. And then I've created three columns for the, uh, uh, three people that will help with the review and, uhm, and, uh, uh, essentially review and add additional resources to these, uh, uh, course sections.
So, the first, just do one more thing here. I'll do one more here at the end.
And, essentially, what we want to do is go through a process where Tammy can look at it first, open it up, read through it, and as you're reading through it, I recommend And, looking up any additional, uh, information that, that is not clear.
So, this is basically something that was generated with the help of AI, but it may not be perfect. We want to make sure that if there's additional information that's, that's not that can be, we can add here, it's going to help us, uh, improve this training course.
So for example, as I was going through it, I found a YouTube video that will be a good addition here and I put that in here.
And if you want to make any changes to this, you can also use AI to do that. Where, explain this, summarize this, uhm, or you can even go.
So, for example, we can do that to enhance this, uh, copy. And, if you feel like we could, uhm, use a table or something in here, uhm, you can insert table, if you, if you like.
https://www.loom.com/share/89186b956200455d84b1ea8f51407a4e
success
Enhancing User Experience with Metrics.ai ðŸš€
Hey Mike. So, this is looking great. The couple things that we want to address here is, uhm, uhm, so if I am revising something, it would be good if I have, uhm, click this, and then I just have to click Metrics.ai and it'll create a new version without having to do to bring up and click another button
. That way, there's less clicking involved. And the other thing that we want to be able to do is click all of, uh, click a bunch of them and have a batch Metrics.ai button that'll bring up a multiple modal where they will have a few check boxes to select what changes they want to revise.
So for example, fix typos, fix incomplete sentences, fix, uhm, uh, uhm, fix, uh, uhm, uhm, remove nicknames. So those are the things that we can have it Change, uh, update.
And then the other piece of this is, uhm.
We also want to have a little tooltip that shows what the changes were. So a tooltip will say, what are the AI edits?
Uhm, and then we can also show, sentiment as positive, negative, uhm, or neutral.
And uh, I think for that we can just have a little bootstrap badge of red, green, blue. Uhm, or grey.
And then if you hover over that, it also shows elements contributing to the sentiment. And, and sentiment can also be a checkbox that comes up in the modal.
For what they want to, uhm, run the AI for. Uhm, actually, it might even be easier if they have a little button at the top that says, uhm, Configure AI Assistant.
And in that, they could, uhm, Specify what things do they want to use, whether it's fixing typos, fixing grammar, fixing incomplete sentences, and, uhm, Uh, uh, sentiment analysis.
So they, they configure all that, and every time they run the AI, it's going to update that for each comment.
So I think this is something that we can do, uhm, separately.
separately. The grades part, But the comments, we'll do that part of the same task.
And then this also looks great. So, uh, I think what we need to do for this particular task is break this up into, uh, into like where it would go in the system and use like a Figma design to show that.
https://www.loom.com/share/00afe1e26b6c4d9abd2719a62e363a13
success
App Update Feedback
I'm looking at the app and in terms of the UI, it looks a lot cleaner and thank you for all the updates that you have made.
One thing that I noticed is when I'm logged in as one of the institutions, I'm able to We'll see. all of the users in the app, even the ones that are not, um, part of this institution.
so we should only be seeing users that are part of whatever, like right now, if I'm logged in as Harvard, then I'm able I would see myself, but if I add other people, then those individuals will be visible, but they would not be visible to administrators of another institution.
Um, so that was the one of the main things that I noticed. The other challen- thing that I'm trying out here is, I've loaded this book into it, it's a pdf.
It's the first time I've tried something this big, it's a very large text book. And then, I asked some questions, and one of the things that I've noticed is, uhm, so I go down, so like, I was asking it to create a quiz.
Instead of doing that, and then once it's done, I got, uh tried doing it again, it did something strange all of a sudden.
It started responding in, looks like Arabic. And then I tried answering that, and it says, give me this formatting error.
I need to watch my hand while I'm doing this to Down here. Yeah, like that. Push it in It's smooth.
I see you. I put it on there. So this is what you do when you go down. That's mom. Do you want to go down?
So I wonder, maybe I'm not setting up the number of uh Oh, maybe it's the message history. But I, I still, I'm not sure why it turned into Arabic.
See, create, quiz, and then, hmm It's very strange.
https://www.loom.com/share/43e603670c8c49c0b33a70142cfff97c
success
Improving User Experience with Filters ðŸ› ï¸
For these filters that we have here, I'm noticing something that is a little extra time-consuming for our user.
So right now if I go to our current fields, if I select something I can simply click this to clear it, an X, but here if I select something, I have to go click the drop-down and select this, which is a lot, which is not ideal because it, it adds to it.
an extra click and then finding this option to be able to clear it. And for the graded course rotation, we should allow for multi-select.
The groups doesn't seem to be working. And then uhm. For has objectives, yes, no, uhm.
I think a a uhm Another way for that we can do this with less options here will be Only show courses With and then we can have two chapters check boxes so that it shows objectives and then sessions.
So essentially only show courses with and it would show objectives and then the second. So if they turn on one objectives, it'll show all the ones that with this one.
And if they check the second one and also show so it can. It's basically two check boxes instead of six radio buttons and they can just toggle it on and off.
That would simplify this and we can put that as a. Uhm? Uh, on the left side. It would also be ideal for us to have a clear button so that we can clear all these options.
Thank you.
https://www.loom.com/share/a4eb4f7cb2a740fb82bbc889703975f4
success
Improving Evaluation Import Process ðŸ”„
Uh, so this feature is, feature or bug, is for correcting, we have a evaluation import that allows us to import rotation, uh, evaluations.
And currently, when we import that, let me just make sure that, when we import, uhm, It's going to contain, ,rotation name, start date, and end date.
But, when we look at the evaluations that are imported, it's not getting associated with a block schedule or a user schedule.
So, we're, they're simply seeing the rotation name, and the rotate, uh, graded course rotation that it's linked to. But we actually, actually need to have in the system is a corresponding user schedule record that this evaluation is associated with, because if, uh, if the student completed this rotation
last year, they need to know that. So, what we want to do is add a column here. Called block schedule name, and, uhm, when we import, and I would also add the rotation code for, for, uh, completion sake, which would allow them to define this, not just the rotation name, but also the rotation code, uhm
, and, when we import this, what we want to do is, whatever the schedule name is, we're going to attach, we're going to create a, a user schedule assignment that is linked to that schedule, which in the back end is called program schedule, and then using the start date of the rotation, we're going to
select which block to link it to, because the relationship between the user schedule to the program schedule is using a block.
User schedule is linked to a block, block schedule is linked to a program schedule. So, if we look at the start date, we're going to use that to pick which block it is, and then, once we have that block, actually, the other way, actually, we're gonna pick the, we're gonna, uhm, program schedule first
, because we need, because each block is linked to a program schedule. Iimport, we parse through that, the data, select the program schedule, then, using the start date, we pick the block within that program schedule, and then, we select, we attach this rotation to that program schedule and it will be
at the block and put it the start date and end date into that user schedule. That essentially would schedule that rotation, and we can leave that as an unpublished schedule and use and create that link between the evaluation assignment and that newly created rotation assignment.
Uhm, so then we will be able to show the dates for these rotations. Uhm, to show that in a diagram, when we import, we want, what we want to do is create this.
But to create that, we're going to use the block name. The schedule name that is on the import file. Find that in the system.
Use the start date of that rotation, which is also on the import file. To pick the block. And then, attach a new unit.
User schedule assignment to that block. And then, create the evaluation assignment that we want to import, uh, and response. And that is going to be linked to this newly created user schedule.
That'll give us the full data necessary to have the schedule. And the evaluation.
https://www.loom.com/share/4c8a75dfbf394c07a78a13e2b24b6597
success
Enhancing Document Editing and Approval Process
Both of these, uhm, StudentView and the AdminView, so the first thing, uhm, uhm, I think it's, I think, I, I, for this one, uhm, this is also like 90% there, so.
Well, depends on how we approach this. I'm thinking about how to simplify this. So at the top, let's start with the top here.
Instead of Program, we want to use a template filter here. So we will show the slide. We will that is available in the system.
For Groups, it's fine, we also want to make sure it's searchable, like the existing fields. Statuses, fine. Users, we'll have first name, last name and role listed here with searchable.
and then for, Down here, uhm, when you are, when we are editing the document, uhm, I don't know if uhm, well, I think we can add the comments functionality, but we also want to add a way to add.
edit the source data. So, for example, these notable characteristics were pulled from some field in that user's demographics. So, if a user, admin goes in here and changes this letter, then that original data is still showing the wrong information.
So, to avoid that, what we can do is do something like this, where it will show those original fields on the right side, and they can go in there and make edits.
And when they're done with those edits, we can have a button at the top that says Regenerate Letter, and it'll regenerate the letter with the new source data.
So that way, everything is clean. Uhm, we can also, we can still have the comments, so it will be, uhm, update, uhm, source fields as one tab on the right side, and the second tab can be for comments.
Uhm, and then for comments, we also want to have a way to, uhm, nah, I think we'll leave that for now.
Uhm, so, if it's on the admin portal, update source fields, and the comments, if it's on the student portal, just the comments is fine.
And then the approved, uh, document, I don't think we should introduce that yet, because we only have a one way, uh, a way to set statuses.
So, if I'm approving it, what I will be doing is moving it to the next status, and someone else may be approve it, and they move to the next status, because there may be multiple approvers.
And then on this page, we also want to show, uh, like, a comment count, so we know that how many comments are, uhm, For each document.
https://www.loom.com/share/0e2a86bbff9545e2850437dc86db867c
success
Understanding Design Board Columns
Hello, hello everyone. In this video, we're gonna review this design board and how to use the, uh, different columns. Every time we create a new feature, by default, it'll be added to the new column.
This is gonna serve as an inbox of anything that is new and needs to be treated. Once this is reviewed by someone, usually it's gonna be Mike and, uh, Ken, once they start, uh, getting into the weekly review process, we will add new columns.
The, uhm, we will look at it and make a decision on the impact level and estimated, uh, story points or effort level, and it'll either go into Design Candidate or to Backlog.
So, once, I'm gonna see if I can show the backlog here. Hm.
https://www.loom.com/share/ba0b65da04db432390fd46144f081822
success
Weekly One-on-One Check-In Overview
Ah, uuuuuh, hmmmm, I'm just trying to quick slide, some of the videos are really fun, so, uh, I'll, I'll be uh, I'll be stayin' here, huh, for another two hours.
Thanks, bye. See you next time. See you next time.
ehm, ehm, ehm. Sooo, ooooh, ooooh. Sooo, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh.
Sooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm.
Umm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm. ehm, ehm, ehm. z z ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, e hm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, dia weekly one-on-one check-ins, how's that done
? ehm, ehm. ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm. okay, so that- that's asynchronous. Uh, it's not a- you're not getting on a call with- with uh, meaning like use.
Okay, so what's- uh, so outside of that initial, um, fall, is there any other one-on-one calls with the coach? Thank you very Okay, so-so there's a 15 minute call every week with the-with the coach and then after the first month, it becomes every two weeks, 15 minutes.
And-okay, huh? Yeah. Yeah, I mean, that's fine. And then the, uhm, is that, how is that scheduled?
Is that scheduled in advance or does he have a calendar? And I'm asking that because my schedule varies. Okay. Okay.
Okay. Yeah. up. Okay. Yep. Uh, no, nothing else. I mean, are you going to be able to show a sample of what- uh, a umm, week or looks like?
Thank you. Well, maybe, maybe not the, I mean, the workouts is straight. Like, what, what is the, uh, the, the nutrition aspect of it?
What do you provide? Like, what's given to me? Yeah. Yum. So, so this list that it is it. So, um, what's on the list?
I mean, is it something that, uh, um, yeah, I'm trying to, I'm trying to picture, like, if I'm, have a, um, like, I'm used a lot of time of order, I'm ordering out.
Like, how does that list translate to, like, uhh, me ordering food? Yeah. No. Yeah. out. Yeah. No. Yeah. Okay.
Umm. Umm. Umm. Okay. No, nothing else. I'll see you in the next video.
Yeah, I mean, it sounds like a while thought our plan. In terms of the mobile app, uhm, is that the uh, So, one of the things that I use now regularly is, uh, the, uh, Peloton, uh, I mean, we have the Peloton, uh, the, the threat on the bike, and I've also been using the Peloton strength app.
If I want to, Uh, what I really like about the strength app is it allows me to, uhm, it's very easy to use it intuitive and, like, quick for me to log things in there.
Um, is what I found with a lot of the, perhaps out there, when it comes to logging, it's a pain in the butt to, like, sit-click in there and type in, like, every single weight.
Um, the Peloton has done a really good job with the how easy it is to enter. Is there a, you guys?
I think with, uh, any other workout apps like Peloton, if I want to do, uh, workouts from there and then having it sync.
Yeah. up. Yeah. Yeah. No. No.
Yeah. Or, like, I mean, I'm- I'm asking the tech questions.
I'm a tech person. It's like, uh, so if- if I'm getting a prescribed, uh, workout regimen that's personalized to me, do I still need to type in what I did?
Or can I- it just has it loaded so that I can just say I did it? Yeah. No. No. No.
Yeah. I mean, I'm mainly looking as like, uh, logging has been a big weakness of mine. And I, because it's just tedious to do.
And, uh, if it would have been, uh, if you don't already do it, it would be nice if in the app, I open it up.
And it already has it. What is the, what I, what I should be doing? And then I can adjust it if I didn't do it, or if I did more or less, instead of having to enter everything manually.
Because if you have ten different workouts, each of them have reps, each of them have weights. It's a just a lot of clicking to get it done.
And for me, that's been always been like a problem that I just get frustrated with, like, having to do that in between the workout.
But it would be nice if it's, here's what the coach said. And I'm going to do that. And if I do more.
https://www.loom.com/share/a349e1ac4a7942c085497c958d38a753
success
Understanding Evaluation Response Imports
This is, uh, Tosh. I looked at this issue with Tammy. Wanted to explain what is happening. Uhm, when we are importing a evaluation response, so when I click here, and import this, the import itself has the rotation name, but we are not creating schedules for this import.
Uhm, I don't know if this was something that we didn't do as part of it, or is this something intentionally left out.
I'd have to talk to our team to see, uhm, the reason, but essentially, we have the rotation record, we have the dates here, but the dates are not getting populated into metrics, because in order for that to happen.
We have to create a scheduled rotation that it's connected to. Right now, what happens is it imports it, and then the imported evaluation has a relationship between the assignment, and the actual rotation record, and the rotation record, like this one here, has a link to the gradebook rotation.
That's why, on your email, you're seeing the rotation But, there is no schedule. So the question is, uhm, do you need to create all of these in these schedules when these, uh, uh, old responses are getting imported or is it sufficient to just have the rotation name?
Uhm, if it's sufficient to have the rotation name, then you can continue importing. If it's a requirement to have the standard name, the start date and the end date, then we could do an update where we, in addition to the rotation name, we also add a column for schedule.
Then, you would then create a schedule, uhm, and that schedule will be something that you put in here.
So, for example, you put an MAP-NE 2024 as, in the, into the column, and then when the import happens, in addition to importing the schedule, we're also creating an assignment for this evaluate T.
to be scheduled to that rotation with the start date and end date, and that scheduled rotation is getting linked to that imported response.
Then, when you're looking at the response, it'll show the dates, too. So, let us know your thoughts, and, uh, we can, uh, move forward appropriately.
https://www.loom.com/share/95f7494850654899a9383d2510960922
success
Document Management System Enhancement Discussion
This is also looking great, uhm, the, at the top of the filters, uhm, we want to have groups, we want to have, uhm, statuses, users, so the users we want to show first and last name and the role that we have already have there, uhm.
And I'm assuming, uhm, you're trying to make Maria happy with these ES, uhm. But instead of program, we can do a template.
It's a document template. Uhm, so I do like the four year review and MSPE, uhm. What we.
So. When we are previewing. Editing regenerate all of this is uhm so uhm.
I'm going to comment on this. So this is this is great. I I think we could, uhm. This is really exactly what we need.
The only thing that, uhm, I don't think we're ready to do this. But I'm going to approve document because we only have the statuses drop down, uhm.
If we want to do approvals. I think we get to keep it simpler.
Instead of, uhm, approvals, uh, we can just have a way to up, update the status from one thing to the next. So, uhm, so that, uhm.
They can basically create a bunch of statuses and then when this person reviews it, they will update the status to the next status.
And, so we can just have a drop down at the top. The other thing that, uh, we want, we can add here, and I think the easiest way to do it is basically have two tags.
Uhm, one for comments, the other one for update, uhm, update source, uhm, update source fields.
And, uhm. And it would essentially show a bunch of fields and, uhm, let me show you what that may look like.
So, similar to something like this, on the right side, so it'll show different fields, so these are the fields that pulled in data to create this letter.
So, it's gonna basically list out different demographic fields, so that if they need to fix a typo, they can just fix it on the source data.
And then, it would update the information in the letter. Because otherwise, if they make the changes to the letter itself, the original source data, where they pulled this from, may be out of sync.
So, if we have to have this update source data, uhm, section, they can just make the change, and then regenerate the letter, and it will be all in sync.
So, going back to the document. I don't know where it is because I got too many windows open. So, update source field and comments, uhm, and And then if they change the data, we could also have a, button that says regenerate letter and then it would just basically regenerate the letter from, uhm, from
scratch and show the new changes. With the comments on that, we should be covering, all of the scenarios. And then, we could also use the, uhm, actually for the students, we could just leave it just comments.
We don't want the students to edit any source data. Uhm, we...admins can just look at that comments and make comments. But, it's the changes if they need to.
But, one of the things that on this page, we also want to show if there are any errors. Uhm, like how many, uh, comments there So that way, if they need to review something, they can go in there and, uh, uhm.
You know what? What? I'm thinking a lot about this, uhm.
https://www.loom.com/share/c4416daad0734033b049c382cb75d81d
success
Enhancing User Interface Functionality
So here, um, for these sessions down here One thing to note is that in the previous video, I had gone over putting the collapse button here.
So with that collapse button there or expand and collapse, we can move this down into the actual container in the card so it's not in the header.
And when it comes to searching I'm not sure how difficult it is. If we simply let them search anything in the here, so if I start typing the uh the name of the group, I mean maybe not the name of the group because you can't see it, um but the type code um then they can just search it for anything and
filter by them. If it's easy, otherwise, if it's not easy, then we don't have to do that. Um, but one thing I did want to note was for session type, in our, in the curriculum setup, under session types, they have a way to define colors for it.
It'll be nice if we can use a bootstrap tag and use the same color they have defined when we show the type.
https://www.loom.com/share/fdaa8b5a93174c3b8aa8a3e125078150
success
Case Logs Overview (Everything except site level permissions + ICD Codes)
Alright, in this, uh, video, we're going to review the entire case logs module. I'm not going to show all of it.
Some of it, such as email notifications and things like that, I'm going to explain. To provide some context, let's start with, uhm, what this module is about.
What this to do. So, case, cases, or case logs module is what we call on the interface. Behind the scenes, it's called, uh, there's, it's called procedures.
because, When we first built this module years ago, it was built for the residency programs. Residency programs mainly log procedures.
And then when we started working with medical schools and veterinary schools, they have students that are logging not only procedures, but also diagnosis.
So the patients that these students see in the hospital. So we renamed it to cases in the interface, but behind the scenes, the models, I believe, are still called procedures.
So I'm going to summarize this here. So case logging. All right. Let's see. Lock. Okay.
Cases. And cases have templates. And then templates.
Uh, there's also diagnosis lists and procedure lists.
Okay. Then, we have custom fields, and we have pre-built fields.
So, and we also have email notifications, and I believe we have SMS notifications, because if one's failed, I'm not, I don't think it's working yet.
I don't think it's, it's been working. Uhm, and if we also, in the future, we'll have push notifications, email notifications.
Push notifications includes ability to, uhm, approve case logs without logging in.
Alright, so. Going into the system Under cases And, I'm going to go through this In a, there are two different ways that our customers are using this module The older way that hospital clients are using it Is, uhm, if I go to a place like kp.metrixlab.com And I go to one of these templates You'll see
here, we have different templates that they have created for each of the different procedures they have to log. And when they create these procedure templates they define the minimum number they have to do, whether or not there needs to be And each procedure has a separate template.
The reason that we initially did it that way is because when we, when they submit these logs, there is something called minimum performance level.
and depending on what the minimum performance level is, and it says minimum required for credentialing, after they have completed x number, so after they have completed five cases, that the faculty member says they have performed without any assistance, then they're considered credentialed.
If they're considered credentialed, then they can supervise other, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, junior doctors to do that procedure. And in our system, uh, we have a page where they can go in there and look up a resident.
And see whether or not they've been credentialed, and if they are able to do that procedure, uhm, on their own.
This functionality is the original way to do it, and there are clients that are still using it. Since we started working with medical schools, what we have done is, we have created something called Diagnosis Lists and Procedure Lists.
So we go into the, uh, these two tabs, and we can go in there and create a category. So the category has a category code or ID and name.
And then, once you have created a category, you could go in there and create, put a, put diagnosis with a code and a minimum a number into it, then you can do the same thing.
So we're defining that these are the procedures and these are the, uhm, diagnosis that we want them to do and how many of each of those we have to do.
There's a bit, there's a way for us to deactivate these if we don't need them. So there's an active and inactive status for.
Uh, diagnosis and procedure lists. So to recap, we have the ability to categorize diagnosis and procedures with categories having code and, uhm, a name.
We also have a way to, uh, create, uhm, procedures. Procedures with code, procedure name, and a minimum number.
We also have a way to create diagnosis with a code, uh, diagnosis name, and minimum. And then we also have a way to activate and deactivate procedures and diagnosis.
One thing to note here is the way that we are more often using these categories is to put them into rotation that they're going to be completing it in.
I think there may be a value in the future for us to link these categories to graded course rotations.
So in the gradebook setup, we create these graded course rotations, and if we put a relationship between the category and a graded course rotation, then we know which of these procedures and diagnosis is tied to a particular course or rotation, and then there's a value in doing that.
And keeping track of that, that's a nice to have. And then we also at the top for procedures and diagnosis, um, we have a way to import them into the system using a CSV.
https://www.loom.com/share/a6042413c64749d080b7f50a251e000a
success
Custom Fields and Document Generation for Medical Schools
Okay, so if I go to our server, we're gonna pick up on the institutional portal and we've already have pre-loaded all of the the, uhm, merge fields that we think we need.
And, let's see, I'm just gonna do delete this thing that Ken made. I'm trying to keep this clutter free, clutter free.
Uhm, okay. So, uhm, For the MSPE setup, there's a few things that we systematically have to do in the metrics.
Uhm, one of the first things is custom fields. So, we want to make sure that we capture, ,custom fields that allows us to import a bunch of these demographic information into the system.
And you can see, we preload a bunch of these already, like MSPE score, uhm, we have noteworthy characteristics. Characteristic one, noteworthy characteristic two, I'm going to also add noteworthy characteristic three.
Customized long text field for student and allow students to edit it. And then I'm going to edit this first one to long text.
So, custom fields. Like we talked about last at the retreat is basically a way for people to enter information about a student that is beyond what we provide out of the box.
And they can add additional information. But this custom fields is also. We take data from outside of metrics like, um, what are the courses that they taught?
What are the MCAT scores? We can do a import and populate those information into metrics, and then, uh, then these custom fields are available to be used as merge fields for the document generation.
Uhm, so, so custom fields we define, then we have to make sure that every custom field that we create, we also create a corresponding merge field.
Because, actually, we automated that recently. It automatically, if you make a custom field, it would automatically make a corresponding merge field.
So we don't have to do that each time. Uhm, so. Then, what we do, we would do is go into the actual document template, and we're going to create an MSPE template.
So I'm going to just. Let's Google for, actually I'm going to go to, I have a MSPE template on this server that I'm just going to copy.
The end. MSPE template. Select all. Copy. New template. Call this MSPE template. I'm going to make this available to the School of Medicine since this is going to be for medical schools.
It's only for MS force because MSPE letters are only generated for the graduating class and I have not created a document type, so I just need to go back and create the document type.
So, I'm going to create a new document type called MSPE letter and use only for student personal documents. It's not required and only one document per user, and then I will go to here.
So when we are creating the template, we're going to give it a name of AAMC. MSPE template programs. We're choosing to school of medicine role.
I'm going to choose MSP, MS4 since it's only for fourth year students. Um, document category, we choose MSPE letter, which is meaning that once a document is generated, that's where we'll store it as an attachment in the student profile.
And then, do you want full editing permissions? Yes, we want the deans to be able to edit these letters after they're generated.
Then on the next page, um, what fields do we want to include? and I'm just going to select. All of the ones except for the ones that we use for the contract.
So contracts and date, we don't want to start date. Really want to get rid of this page, because it's completely unnecessary that, Alright, so, now that we have that, uhm, I'm going to paste this letter here.
And you can see it already has these things filled in, but I'm just going to replace it with some merge fields.
So, for example, this one here, I copied it from a different server. Uhm, on this letter, there is some pre-filled merge fields, but it needs to match perfectly.
So here, I had to use the word, the pound in front of it. I just need to make sure that's correct.
And then, as we go down, there's a bunch of these fields. Uh, matriculation date, expected graduation date. I don't see that.
Okay. So, and then, but anyway, like, you kind of just update it based on what new fields you have.
So you the, this is an important thing to note here, uhm, the insert block. So, in your MSPE letter, you're supposed to show all of the grades that you got for your clinical rotations.
This includes the scheduling information, the, ah, the locations that you went to, the dates, the grades, and the comments, and the chart.
But if you think about it, a student will have, in a, in 30 or 6 or 7 core rotations. We don't want that to be added to the template one by one because they might do it in different order.
https://www.loom.com/share/162ee6119c184d54a2c2d61f870dfac6
success
Generating LinkedIn Post Ideas ðŸ“
Let's pull up, uhm, attention for the, the demo that we did with, uhm, actually, Fathom, I think it was in Fathomware.
And it also doesn't need to be, like, others should be adding ideas. So far, I'm the only one that has added stuff there.
Uhm, if I'm going to be creating all ideas for product and for marketing, this is going to be a very slow and painful process.
Uhm, so copy transcript. I go into AI and say, this is a transcript and this can be turned into a GPT of a sales call we had with a message.
Medical School. It included all of their deans and provided an overview of the platform. review this transcript. and create 10 ideas for LinkedIn posts in the format of text, post carousels, and, uhm, infographics.
So, this would, last time I did this, I actually put in context of, uh, the, the messaging. Also, I said I want to have, uh, a post about, uh, in a, in a storyboard.
Storytelling format. Uh, I'm, I'm doing this quickly now just as a example. So, refine this. These are, educating. So, once I have decent ideas, then what I do is, Okay, but how do you know those ideas are decent?
So, this is, this is, uh, what I don't have time for. I need the marketing people to figure out if it's good ideas or not.
Yeah, so just give us the idea and we'll tell you if it's good. I don't know the idea, man. Like, No, just, just change your very first prompt to give me 10 post ideas with user stories.
So, And then that will be exactly what we need to make a good, But, but you're asking, what I'm trying to do is teach you how to do this so that you can do it yourself.
Yeah, and I've seen, you've walked, like, you've walked me through this and I can't do it myself, but when you give us this, what am I supposed to do then?
I, I, this was, the goal of this whole exercise is for you to observe and learn how it's doing so that I'm not doing this.
Okay. So, that's what I've been telling you the other day. It's like, I don't want to be doing this. I want, we, every day that I'm doing these meetings, we have transcripts of it.
I want the marketing people to be able to take that and turn it into, uh, things. And I, and I want to do that for you, which is why I haven't actually said at any point during this conversation that you have to do anything.
You're the one saying that you have to do stuff. I'm saying- But you're, yes, you did. You said go in there and write the user story and the idea.
I'm saying, if you have, like, I can put ideas in there, sure. I, I'm totally okay with doing that and I will do that.
But I'm just saying that with the things we have in backlog right now, I'm pointing out the confusion we're having with how these things were entered in and how they should be entered in for this process to work properly.
Okay, so, so here's what we can do. We can, uh, skip over whatever's in there that you guys don't have an idea of what to do.
And instead, go ahead and create it yourself. What I, the end result that I want is I want to be able to be posting three LinkedIn posts.
on my LinkedIn every week. So, but, like, the reason I'm adding this here is it's not really getting done if, like, uh, I'm not adding it.
So, as long as you guys want to do that, I'd rather be focused on sales meetings and training meetings. Uh, but, you know, you have not really done LinkedIn posts before, like, you, that is, like, I've been doing LinkedIn posts for a year.
So, there's, there are certain, uh, style that is being, that I, that I usually write in, and there's certain, uh, style that goes into LinkedIn posts.
So, the reason I was putting some of this together was because it's, it, there's a learning curve to writing LinkedIn posts.
So, if I'm, if, if I'm not going through that training of how to write these LinkedIn posts, it's, it's going to end up being like a blog post or something.
And, and I don't think the, the style that we're using on the company portal is the best way to write LinkedIn posts.
Okay, then, then, if, if you want it to be in a particular style, just use ChatGPT to put together a style example for us to always reference.
To make sure anything that we create is in that style. Yeah, so, we could do that. Instead of writing the posts, the, the, the posts for each item itself.
Okay, so, let's summarize, uh, what we're gonna do. So, uhm, what, and I already have that GPT that you have, should have, have access to, that I went over in that previous meeting, where.
I don't think I do. It should be in the company one. What is it called? Let's see. Let's see.
https://www.loom.com/share/4c9824c8bbf14603bd6af9005a038675
success
Creating Engaging LinkedIn Posts ðŸ“¸
Good morning, everyone. I wanted to create this video to show you how I put together today's LinkedIn post. PJ had mentioned that there was a clip that was pulled out of the episode with Sarahi.
So I went in here and I found this clip. And one of the things that I did was I first listened to it.
And I noticed that it's a really good clip talking about our people, process and process. And platform methodology. In a recent webinar, we had put together this slide that highlights this process, this methodology.
And I wanted to use this image when I was speaking about it. So what I did was I went into this tool called VEED, imported that particular, uh, clip, and then I simply took a, a screenshot of this and I cropped out this section.
And I went into here and I pasted it in here, and then I went to the shape, and I put a shape behind it, that was just white, so that it, it, uh, uhm, if I take that out, you can, you'll see that, you can see through the, so I put a shape back there, and then I simply had it show up three times, each
time I met, talked about the people, process, or platform. And one of the things that Veed is doing also is creating the subtitles, and I've noticed since the last time I used Veed, they have improved their subtitles so that it's not, uh, directly generating the subtitles with all of the flaws that you
have when you say something, so it actually cleans it up and makes it so that it's easy to read. to follow, so if there's ums and other things that you're saying, it removes it automatically, so it's really a, a clean subtitle.
And then for the style, I used a simple style that I have here and then exported it as a file.
So once I'm done with that, then I wanted to put together a post for LinkedIn. So for that, what I did was I simply took, uhm, the new Mac, uh, OS, includes the ability to dictate and try to transcribe notes directly into notepad.
So what I did, I described the onboarding process. You can see enterprise on, uh, software is difficult. And then I talked for a couple of minutes, got this transcript and I went into.
Not drive, chat GPT and use my.
I got to use this one, I think. So if you're on GPT four, you can use the app symbol to pull up GPTs.
And I went in here and I pasted this transcript and had it write that post for me. Once I got into LinkedIn.
I uploaded the video, added the text, and clicked publish. One of the things that I did when I uploaded the video was I disabled the auto-generate subtitles functionality in, in, uh, LinkedIn.
Because I don't want LinkedIn to add subtitles on top of what I've already created. So I was, I hope that was, uh, helpful.
https://www.loom.com/share/e3859a137abc44128e31aa1d6f872e9a
success
Strategic Business Analysis Discussion
AltaMed, gone. ARH, I'm not, they're not strategic. Let's see. AUC, uhm, AUC is one of, AUC and Ross is one of those, and RossVet, I'm not going to consider them strategic from my perspective.
They are strategic for the company. But I'm not, like I know that Chris has a handle on them, it's uhm, so not, I'm gonna, uhm, I wonder if it's, if it's worth us putting that on here, because I think it may be, it's okay for us to put that now, but I, I, yeah, we'll take it out, like, like you and I
can, like it's, this is more of a personal strategic thing versus company. I'll put it somewhere else, but for now, that helps me understand this a little bit, because I was like, well, wouldn't that be strategic, like, if we want Chris to know forever?
So, the personas and the, like, mapping thing that we're gonna do, segmentation, segmentation stuff we'll do separately, this is just like us trying to figure out what are the ones that we, you know, folks are handling.
I don't want to talk to you to make sure he's not missing meetings for, Gotcha, so this is mostly for, like, your involvement.
No, I mean, there's a reason why I consider a certain one of these strategic, and I want Shruti to help manage, because I, like, there are certain ones that I, like, personally oversee, because of his impact, or because I feel like they're not, getting the attention that they need.
So, for example, AUC is strategic for the company, but I'm not concerned about AUC, because every week Chris meets with them, and the Talim is always going to bring AUC, and Ross, and Ross Met, to the top of the list.
They're getting attention, like Chamberlain, on the other hand, is strategic for me, to my perspective, because a Talim doesn't prioritize Chamberlain.
https://www.loom.com/share/1dcd34d4413a4919a54f226784f4ebaf
success
Understanding Merge Fields in Document Generation
On the Institutional Portal, we have the Documents Module, and the Documents Module is something that we built several years ago as a way to generate contracts for Kaiser.
And it's essentially a module that allows you to create these merge fields, and what we'll do is go through each of these merge fields.
So, merge fields are supposed to be similar to, like, I got the idea from Microsoft Mail Merge. If you go into Microsoft and you want to create an envelope, you can put in a merge field and then say, uhm, here's the envelope, first name, last name, address, and then you can import a list of addresses
and it'll populate it with those addresses so that you can print out labels and things like that. Same idea here.
You can say, I want to create a new merge field, and this is going to be a, uhm, text field.
Oh wait, sorry. I'm not mirroring, hold on one second. Okay, so essentially, uhm, under doc image, in the institutional portal document, uh, uh, we're going to have merge fields.
So there are five different types of merge fields. So a new merge field, first one is a text field, which means that if I put this into a document, and I'll see you and then one of the administrators in the program portal is given access to that template, and you, uhm, have this field on that document
, they'll be able to type in whatever they want. It's just basically a text field that they can fill in. You can, You could also give it a select field.
A select field is basically giving them a drop down to pick something from. Uhm, so, for example, in a, in in the world of, world of contracts, you may say one of the select field is going to be, a list of titles and, and, for example, Kaiser, they would have a title field called, I mean, a select field
, PGY1, PGY2, they just type it in as these, these, uh, drop down options and then when it's any time a letter is getting generated or contracts was generated, the administrator will be asked what do you want to populate into this field?
And they can select PGY1, 2, 3, or 4 and when they select that, in the contract, it will say this is a contract for PGY1, residence, it will just populate it with PTEP, that text.
So the difference between a text field and a select field is text field, they can type in whatever they want.
And select field is also a text, but you're pre-filling it with options. Then a second type of. Select field is a dependent select field.
So, uhm, the idea of a dependent select field is you can have a second text entry that is getting added to this document, but.
It's entirely dependent on what you selected first and you cannot, as an administrator, you won't be able to manually pick what's on here.
So, this was mainly something I came up with at that time for contracts. So. So, you have a PGY1 has a different salary than a PGY2.
So, if you have the administrator of an internal medicine residency program may choose PGY1 when they still generate the contract.
And then automatically, it's gonna select, you know, $70,000 for their salary. So, you're not letting the administrator manually pick the salary.
It's something that's locked down across all of the heik's, uh, Kaiser departments. And they're simply saying, what, what trainee are you generating this contract for?
And what, what role are you gonna pick in the first field? And the second field would automatically be selected. And you can see here, if I choose dependent, I can say, which, is a dependent field, which is a dependent on.
Umm, and so if I go into Kaiser, for example, I'm gonna go to kp.matrix.sg, and I'm gonna log in, and if I go to their contract section, n h 0 3 and the institutional portal, merge fields, and, let's say, salary.
Edit, and you can say yes, and it's dependent on level, and then add values. We'll show you. So you say, if I choose this value, what is the dependent value?
If I choose this, what's the dependent value? So this function, The personality is really not used in the world of MSPE, uh, but it's mainly what's created for the sake of, uh, contracts, um, where you do not want each coordinator, uh, have, like, they have 200-some-a-coordinator across different- hospitals
, there's, uh, a lot of room for error if you're ha-manually plugging these in, they're not lawyers, they shouldn't be doing- they do- but they can't- they know who they're generating the contract for, and they just pick that and it automatically gets populated.
Yeah. I have one question. Yeah. Um, so, like, I've realized that when we demo for the MSP module, we do say that they can, you know, add their own, uhm, fields.
So, of course, it tends to- and, like, have different ones, or are there, like, uh, a set of reloaded, uh, fields that we do for them?
Or is it only, like, talking to them and then adding the- the- Yeah, so that's a good question. So, for the MSPE, um, yes, we- so I'm on a server called Ateneo.
This is a brand new server. You can see there's already 60 fields that are already preloaded here. So, uh, so the- these are preloaded.
Uhm, but yeah, for- for- for contracts, they- they would be mostly creating these as needed. Uhm, yeah. Okay. Yeah, so, yeah, go ahead.
https://www.loom.com/share/6703f51c747e46828f57a9c1760b0577
success
Calendar Syncing and Troubleshooting Tools ðŸ“…
Hey, PJ, uhm, I figured it'd be easier to explain it. Uhm, what you're as- I mean, there was two questions that you had asked.
One was about the calendar syncing to an external calendar. And then the other one was about whether there was tools to troubleshoot.
Both of those are good questions. The main point I'm trying to make is, umm, the way you word those questions, umm, it- it came off a little bit as you're trying to poke holes at their product.
Umm, rather it's- you're gonna have a bigger impact on them. them. . Umm, realizing the problems for themselves, uhh, rather than us being so direct at pointing at their software.
Because if we try to point at their software and try to poke at- people are more likely to get defensive, umm, and defend their decision at whatever product they have, than for them to realize it.
So, for example, umm, ins- It's, Instead of asking, does the software- does that, you know, is there a way for it to sink with, uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, ask the question in the context of a process.
You know, uhh, so how do uhh, uhh, you know, do the students have the ability to uhh, uhh, view their- The schedules from their- the mobile phones, or uhh, uhh, uhh, are there- is there a way for students to keep up-to-date, uhh, on real-time changes?
So it's- it's not necessarily asking about software functionality, but it's looking at it from the end result of the- of that.
The- the impact. And then, uhh, she may bring it up. Yeah, this is something that, uhh, they're not able to do because of the problem with the syncing, but then she's bringing up the software problems and she's realizing the issue rather than us trying to be, uhh, poking holes at it.
So the second one- I would word it as, you know, when- when you have, uhh, when there are, uhh, problems, uhh, how do you typically, uhh, troubleshoot, uhh, how do you- what's your process for, uhh, dealing with, uhh, scheduling issues, how do you go about making those changes?
So, they- I'm hearing the same goal of extracting more information about how do they fix the thing, but I'm not directly asking, does the- is there troubleshooting tools in their- in their software?
Um, so it's mainly using language that is more- control and process oriented so that, uh, they're the ones that are realizing the flaws.
https://www.loom.com/share/060c04f10080497b95ee754b407db2b9
success
Introduction to Linear App ðŸš€
In this video, we'll briefly go over how to use Linear, so linear.app, and once you log in, you'll see a list of issues that are in to-do. And in progress, we can also change the display to be a board to do in progress.
Uhm, and then there's in review. We'll, uh, do some setup in the future. To, uh, get this more like Jira.
But for the current, uhm, thing, you can click on it to open it up and then there's where you can add specs, designs, uhm, URLs.
It's a lot simpler than Jira. And then you can also attach files. You can add columns. You can Uhm, you can also add subtasks here if you need to.
And then on the right side, uhm, you can assign story points, set priority, labels. This would be cycle, which is kind of like a sprint, uhm, and, and the comments.
So essentially, it's identical to Jira and in terms of overall functionality, but it's a lot simpler to use. Uhm, and then there's also an inbox of anything that you have to review that someone added for you or assigned to you or, uhm, completed or added, added a comment that you can review.
If you want to make a new issue, there's also a little new issue button you can use and then either make it a comment into the backlog to do, uhm, or, or, or, or, uhm, uhm, put into a specific project.
We currently don't have any other projects other than Metrics Reloaded, which is the new Metrics app.
https://www.loom.com/share/9660239e2fb64c1aafb7dbe8b5d50ac8
success
Understanding Metrics IRIS Module for GME Departments
Metrics IRIS module can be used by GME departments to accurately capture reimbursement data. One of the most important things about the IRIS module in Metrics is accurately checking the data with the same tests that CMS does on the call center.
We check for the data integrity and make sure that all of your coordinators are provided with real-time feedback if something needs to be corrected to make sure that the data is accurate.
For example, we test for things like making sure the EC-FMG certification date is correct. We make sure that all of the graduates at foreign medical schools have an EC-FMG certification date entered.
If there are errors within the data, we notify the coordinators so that they can correct it. And then the finance department can also review the errors and make sure that it is corrected before the data is exported from Metrix and sent to CMS.
We check for bugs. Uh, data problems and we also make sure that we automatically slice the data for, uh, compliance, meaning if you have residents that are going to different sponsoring institutions for part of the day, we're able to capture up to an, uh, down to the hour.
If you need to claim that, uh, time. So if they start the day at your organization and, and is there till noon and they go to another organization in the afternoon, you can capture from the beginning of the day till noon for your reimbursement and the rest of the hours are allocated to the extra costs
. So by accurately capturing all of these time into metrics, you're able to maximize your reimbursement and make sure you have that money collected from the, from the CMS department.
https://www.loom.com/share/085fda07cbc549e1a2bea8cb05d204f2
success
Using GPT Tool for Google Sheets
So, here is the GPT tool that I used, so I'm going to open this up, go to data, uh. Let's see, um it only works if it's a Google Sheet, it won't work if it's an Excel.
So, if it's an Excel file, you got to convert it to Google Sheets and then it'll work. So, you'll see extensions here and then GPT for Sheets.
Open that up. And then, what I did was I added our API key into it. So, set API key, uhm I added it for us, so that we can use our API key.
There's also, you gotta pay for it, so you can, I've just been buying credits as we need it. And once this is enabled, I can go in and paste equals GPT and write that prompt that I sent you.
So this is all functional as soon, as long as this panel is open on the right side. A couple of problems that I sometimes have.
Happen is if it's not working, if you're getting some errors, you can try refreshing the page and see if it works.
There's a couple of times where it still didn't work and I had to basically create a new spreadsheet or Google Sheet and copy and paste into it.
It's actually a recommendation they had on there. There's like some integration sometimes have problems But most of the time it works Occasionally if it doesn't work if you get errors over and over even though, you know, you're right doing everything correct Refresh it to try it again if it doesn't work
copy and paste in a new Sheet and see if that works
https://www.loom.com/share/ebae37063db6425a807426dd839714de
success
Final Tweaks Summary for Website Design
Hey, Louie. I wanted to summarize, uhm, these, uh, final tweaks for you. First thing is, uh, we can get rid of this button here.
It's 1230. Uh, browse our features. Essentially, we're gonna keep the, about us page clean without links to other pages. Uhm, so we can get rid of that.
Then, for names and titles here, uhm, we can, if we can add a second, uh, roll, and put the titles underneath it.
So, CEO would come underneath that. Same thing with this, and it would be a, um, cleaner than putting it all in bold on the same roll.
And I'm assuming we can, we'll be able to edit this in the CRM later. For this video here, I sent you the, um, the Vimeo embed code.
What we're mainly trying to do is make it look clean so that it doesn't look like it's a YouTube video that's embedded there.
So I think Vimeo will allow us to do that. So we can put that there. And then underneath it, we want to- show, um, the name, the role, um, and the institution that Mitch works that.
So it's going to be the quote, a testimony like this. And then underneath it, we want to make sure that it- we have his name and- and, um, uhm the name title and, uh, uh, institution name.
And ideally, uh, can also show the institution logo. So it's a small thing that shows up at the bottom, similar to how we have it for other testimonials.
Uh, let's see, where do we have that? Like this here. But it would also be nice if we can show the, the logo.
Next. Next, umm, by the way, the logo can be optional if this school doesn't want us to use the logo.
Umm. Then we can also remove the request a consultation button. And then for this timeline, we want to add a final one.
That is, today. So this way, we have the pass, and then it's also a final one. That's for, umm, the present.
Because otherwise, a couple years from down the road, this will look very outdated. If we have a today one, it looks like we're always up to date.
And, for the scoreable pets here. Oh, by the way, when we put the titles up here.
For. The people. We can do it similar to the way that we have it down here.
Where it's. Umm, all capital and. Cleaner. Well, actually, you can decide. It's either one of these works works well.
Anyway, for the advisors, uh, section, um, pet advisors section, we like to have the six here, but also have a arrow, uh, to scroll.
So if we add more, it doesn't look overwhelming with a whole bunch of animals on the website, but we can still scroll to the right and see them.
So those are all the final tweaks for that we need to make for the website, and then we should be able to close this out.
And then the, uh, the, uh, the next project that we want to work with the, you want is you can see, like, how the header and everything, um, is slightly different than the other pages.
We want to update the branding to align with this new about us page. Uh, so the look and feel overall to align with, uh, what we have here.
We're not gonna have time to re-write me a copy, but it's more of general, general design.
https://www.loom.com/share/e0c67006b7b14542a9b1d585cc1a31d2
success
Using GPT Tool for Google Sheets ðŸš€
So here is the GPT tool that I used. So I'm going to open this up. Go to data. It only works if it's a Google Sheet.
It won't work if it's an Excel. So if it's an Excel file you got to convert it to Google Sheets and then it'll work.
So you'll see extensions here and then GPT for Sheets. Open that up. And then. What I did was I added our API key into it.
So set API key. I added it for us so that we can use our API key. There's also you gotta pay for it.
So you can. I just been buying. Credits as we need it. And once this is enabled. I can go in and paste equals GPT.
And write that prompt that I sent you. So this is all. Functional as soon as long as this panel is open on the right side.
Couple of problems that I sometimes happen is if it's not working. If you're getting some errors. You can try refreshing the page.
And see if it works. There's a couple of times where it still didn't work and I. I had to basically create a new.
Sort of. Spreadsheet or Google Sheet and copy and paste into it. It's actually a recommendation they had on there. There's like some.
Integration sometimes. Have problems uhm but most of the time it works. Occasionally, if it doesn't work, if you get errors over and over, even though you know you're right doing everything correct.
Uh refresh it to try and try it again if it doesn't work. Copy and paste in a new sheet and see if that works.
https://www.loom.com/share/0c6a526263b640e7b268ad3bc39c6c1b
success
Addressing Reported Issues and Solutions ðŸ› ï¸
Hi, everyone. I want to go through these issues that were reported and, and, uhm, summarize what may have caused the problems and what are some of the things that we're doing to address them.
So, this first one here, where we are having an issue with some of these rotations being scheduled from blocks 9 through 10.
to 12, we went in and reviewed the source data, uh, that was submitted, uhm, for the site availability. And the reason is it is getting scheduled for these blocks is because the spread, uh, the spreadsheet had availability listed for these blocks.
So, for example, I just filtered for a couple of these, uh, courses, 770, 771, if we look at, you know, these, uh, sites, there are, uhm, Availability is listed as available to schedule, available to schedule.
If we cannot have, these rotations take place in these, uh, blocks 6 through 12, you want to make sure that these are marked as, uh, blank.
Uhm, let us know if we simply can clear out all of the, uhm, Availability. For blocks 5 through 12 for these courses, uhm, and we can just do a mass change.
The only thing to keep in mind is, if there was already pre-fills or requests that were made for these availability, then those will be ignored by the optimizer.
Uhm, second item here is, there were, when, ah, there were some blocks, sorry, some sites, uhm, that did not have hubs defined when we ran the optimization, and there was actually quite a few of those.
And then, what we did today was, went back into Metrix and pulled another export, and we realized that there were a lot more hubs, uhm, updated onto sites.
So, basically, we ran the optimization with an outdated export from Metrix. Before all of the hubs were categorized into the, eh, eh, eh, before all the sites were categorized into hubs.
So, pulling a, a new export today, we were able to get more of those hubs, uh, uh, filled out. And hopefully, that'll take care of some of the, the problems that you saw.
For example, I think there was one thing student that had a rotation in Indiana and another one in, in, uh, New York.
I think that was happening because not enough hubs were defined and that student was getting scheduled into, uhm, rotations that were outside of the hub.
Next item here is the hub capacity. We did not implement this into the rules, uh, when we ran that optimization because we had a note from one of the meetings, uh, one, or an email that said this was no longer needed.
This may have been a misinterpretation on our end. Um, please let us know if this is still needed. We can go ahead and, uh, implement it.
Uh, right now it's only checking the site capacity. Uh, if we need, if we need to implement it, what we will do is use the hub capacity that was provided and then implement it so that each- hub has a maximum number of students, um, per block, um, and ignore the site capacity.
This last one here, um, where they were- um, students that are assigned to the same hub, um, sorry, uh, to the same site, duplicate sites for the same courses.
Uh, this is also a rule that was not implemented for- I think there were three of the courses that we cannot have, um, the same site for, um, for the same So, we're, we're essentially going to, uhm, apply this rule so that the same site is not used for the courses that shouldn't have the same site.
https://www.loom.com/share/27ab287572b041dab403b1356e0a72d3
success
Metric's Gradebook: Revolutionizing Medical School Education ðŸ“Š
Metric's Gradebook offers a centralized solution for medical schools, and Metric's, Metric's Gradebook offers a centralized solution that allows the students to see their preclinical and clinical grades in one location.
With preclinical grades, students can see their basic science courses as well as the, as well as the Metric's Gradebook offers a centralized solution that allows schools to give students a hub where they can see their preclinical and clinical grades all in one location.
Even more powerful is when Metric's is utilized for the MSPE letter creation. This allows schools to take those grades from the Gradebook and dynamically generate various charts and histograms for the MSPE letter.
Metric's rotation grades in the Gradebook also allows the schools to capture preceptor comments and then also have revised versions of it if something needs to be modified, such as fixing typos or gradients.
grammatical mistakes. Gradebook can be customized to each school's grade statuses as well as having a direct link from the grade to the actual schedules for that rotation or course.
https://www.loom.com/share/302d87e4827649f38b8657438f9d3ebe
success
Adding Developer Accounts ðŸ‘©â€ðŸ’»
Hey, Mike. So, for Apple, if you log in, ...to Apple Connect, ...uhm, Users and Access, So, you have to, ...Admin Access here, so you should have the same interface.
And then there's a little plus button. And you can add them as a developer account here. You can send them as, I mean, you can check to see what permissions they need.
And then add them. So basically, So you would come in here and add this, uh, there. We don't need to do it on their, their site.
This is us adding them to the Apple site. And we would want to do the same thing on the, on the, uhm, Google.
Uhm, the only thing is, I think for Google, we may need to sign up for an account. So, a company, get started.
Uhm, a DUNS number. You can check with, uh, Chris, and for the phone, phone number and email, uhm, you could, uhm, use, the help at metricslab.com email address, uhm, so that if someone would need contacts as it goes there, and the phone number, you can, you can put, uhm, your phone number and email,
so that if they need to reach you. Then once you sign up, there would be a similar interface to Apple, where you can add a user there.
https://www.loom.com/share/bafbae04ae3f4bdc8ce96b14d6cc87a9
success
Improving User Interface for Evaluation Forms ðŸš€
Essentially, if I go to the summative form, I can now view the previous submissions and then I can go down and fill out the ones that I need to fill out.
So what we want to do with this particular task is let's, there's two components to it. One, I think we can make this easier to work with, with use, in your BSN one, I think you're expanding and collapsing it.
So we don't need to do all of the ones, things that you had there, summarizing a bunch of them and stuff like that.
Just give them a way to expand. Expand and collapse, it's, they're just going to see the actual questions and answers, the form, the form.
Yeah, yeah. And then, um, we also want to show the, the actual form name right now. We don't show the form name.
Okay. Um, and then the other piece here is the more important thing for this particular one is, right now, we are doing this using those rotation administrator permissions.
So the rotation administrator permissions are set up using the rotation record, and you're saying you're the rotation administrator. What you need to do now is apply the same thing for the course director permissions.
So, in Metrix, under curriculum, we already have course permissions called course director permissions. We're going to add a checkbox that says allow course directors to view evaluations, uhm, that were submitted for their course.
And we're going to have rotations that are linked to graded course rotations, and curriculum courses that are also linked to the same graded course rotations.
This means that, So you have, you have, uh, rotations under, uh, that's, that's mapped to graded course rotations in the gradebook.
And then you also have curriculum, rotate, uh, courses slash rotations that are mapped to gradebook course, yeah. So that's how, that's how the curriculum has, so like they're two separate things that are yeah like these two are not No, they're not connected to each other.
They're not related, like you don't have to take one and take the other, like, No, no, so the rotation, let's say cardiology, under system setup rotations, you're, I mean, under schedules and rotations, those are rotations that are offered at different hospitals.
So they're site-specific rotations. In the curriculum, you're saying, what is, what are we going to teach in cardiology? You only have one version of that, but that, in order to connect everything together, we use the graded course rotation as the connector.